---- DNF Packages ----
Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                              2.4.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
CharLS.x86_64                                             2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
GConf2.x86_64                                             3.2.6-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ImageMagick.x86_64                                        1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                                    1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
LibRaw.x86_64                                             0.20.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
ModemManager.x86_64                                       1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                  1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
NetworkManager.x86_64                                     1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch          1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                               1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                         1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                             1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                       1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                                1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                                 1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                           1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                                1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                        2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                        2.4.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
PackageKit.x86_64                                         1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                                     1.0.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                       1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                    1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                        1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                             1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
SDL2.i686                                                 2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
SDL2.x86_64                                               2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
SuperLU.x86_64                                            5.3.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
VirtualBox-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.6_155176_fedora36-1              @System                                    
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                            3.101-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
aalib-libs.x86_64                                         1.4.0-0.44.rc5.fc37                  @fedora                                    
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                       1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                            0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                         0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abrt.x86_64                                               2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-cli.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                      2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                                1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abrt-libs.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-tui.noarch                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                         20220623.1-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                                0.7-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
accountsservice.x86_64                                    22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                               22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
acl.x86_64                                                2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adcli.x86_64                                              0.9.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                                20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                     20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                 20190401-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                        2.030.1.050-13.fc37                  @fedora                                    
adw-gtk3.x86_64                                           4.8-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                               43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                 43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
akmods.noarch                                             0.5.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
alembic-libs.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.i686                                             1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.x86_64                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                            1.2.7.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                  2.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-ucm.noarch                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-utils.x86_64                                         1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alternatives.x86_64                                       1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
anaconda-core.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                          37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-live.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                 26.2-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                   37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
android-tools.x86_64                                      1:33.0.3p1-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
annobin-docs.noarch                                       12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                 12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                                1-10.fc37                            @updates                                   
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                      1.0.0.20211224-7.fc37                @fedora                                    
antiword.x86_64                                           0.37-34.fc37                         @fedora                                    
apache-commons-collections.noarch                         3.2.2-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                               3.12.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apparmor-libs.x86_64                                      3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-parser.x86_64                                    3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-profiles.noarch                                  3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-utils.x86_64                                     3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
appstream.x86_64                                          0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
appstream-data.noarch                                     37-7.fc37                            @updates                                   
appstream-qt.x86_64                                       0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
apr.x86_64                                                1.7.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util.x86_64                                           1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                       1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                   1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
arj.x86_64                                                3.10.22-37.fc37                      @fedora                                    
armadillo.x86_64                                          10.8.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
arpack.x86_64                                             3.8.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
aspell.x86_64                                             12:0.60.8-10.fc37                    @fedora                                    
aspell-en.x86_64                                          50:2020.12.07-6.fc37                 @fedora                                    
aspnetcore-runtime-7.0.x86_64                             7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                      7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
assimp.x86_64                                             5.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.i686                                          2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                        2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.i686                                         2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                       2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atheros-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
atk.i686                                                  2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atk.x86_64                                                2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atkmm.x86_64                                              2.28.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atmel-firmware.noarch                                     1.3-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
attr.x86_64                                               2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
audit.x86_64                                              3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
audit-libs.x86_64                                         3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
augeas-libs.x86_64                                        1.13.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
authselect.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
authselect-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
autocorr-en.noarch                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
avahi.x86_64                                              0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-glib.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                      0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.i686                                           0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-tools.x86_64                                        0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                       019-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                       5.2-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
babl.x86_64                                               0.1.92-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
baobab.x86_64                                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
basesystem.noarch                                         11-14.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bash.x86_64                                               5.2.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bash-completion.noarch                                    1:2.11-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bc.x86_64                                                 1.07.1-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
bcache-tools.x86_64                                       1.1-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bind-libs.x86_64                                          32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-license.noarch                                       32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-utils.x86_64                                         32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
binutils.x86_64                                           2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binutils-gold.x86_64                                      2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binwalk.noarch                                            2.3.3-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
bison.x86_64                                              3.8.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
blender.x86_64                                            1:3.5.1-1.fc37                       @nobara-appstream                          
blivet-data.noarch                                        1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                 2.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
blosc.x86_64                                              1.21.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bluez.x86_64                                              5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-cups.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.i686                                           5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                        5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bodhi-client.noarch                                       7.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bolt.x86_64                                               0.9.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
boost-atomic.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-chrono.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-date-time.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                   1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-locale.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-python3.x86_64                                      1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-regex.x86_64                                        1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-system.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-thread.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bouncycastle.noarch                                       1.70-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
brasero-libs.x86_64                                       3.12.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                                  5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
brlapi.x86_64                                             0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
brltty.x86_64                                             6.5-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                        6.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bubblewrap.x86_64                                         0.5.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
bzip2.x86_64                                              1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.i686                                           1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                         1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
c-ares.x86_64                                             1.19.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ca-certificates.noarch                                    2023.2.60-1.0.fc37                   @updates                                   
cabextract.x86_64                                         1.9.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
caca-utils.x86_64                                         0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
cairo.i686                                                1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo.x86_64                                              1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.i686                                        1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                      1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairomm.x86_64                                            1.14.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
capstone.x86_64                                           4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
catatonit.x86_64                                          0.1.7-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
catimg.x86_64                                             2.7.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                      10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                    10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cfitsio.x86_64                                            4.0.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
checkpolicy.x86_64                                        3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cheese.x86_64                                             2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
cheese-libs.x86_64                                        2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
chkconfig.x86_64                                          1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
chmlib.x86_64                                             0.40-27.fc37                         @fedora                                    
chrony.x86_64                                             4.3-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                         7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cjson.x86_64                                              1.7.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang.x86_64                                              15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-libs.x86_64                                         15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang13-libs.x86_64                                       13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang13-resource-filesystem.x86_64                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                              1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                          1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                               2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clucene-core.x86_64                                       2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clutter.x86_64                                            1.26.4-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                       3.0.27-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                        1.8.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                   3.26.4-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
cmrt.x86_64                                               1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
code.x86_64                                               1.80.2-1690491680.el7                @code                                      
cogl.x86_64                                               1.22.8-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
color-filesystem.noarch                                   1-29.fc37                            @fedora                                    
colord.x86_64                                             1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                        0.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.i686                                          1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.x86_64                                        1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
comgr.x86_64                                              2.4.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                     4.4.4-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                    5.1.5-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
compiler-rt.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
compsize.x86_64                                           1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
conmon.x86_64                                             2:2.1.7-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
container-selinux.noarch                                  2:2.219.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
containers-common.noarch                                  4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
containers-common-extra.noarch                            4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                   4.1-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
coreutils.x86_64                                          9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
coreutils-common.x86_64                                   9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
cpio.x86_64                                               2.13-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cpp.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
cracklib.x86_64                                           2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                     2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
createrepo_c.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
criu.x86_64                                               3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
criu-libs.x86_64                                          3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
crun.x86_64                                               1.8.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
crypto-policies.noarch                                    20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                            20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
cryptsetup.x86_64                                         2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ctags.x86_64                                              6.0.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cuda-nvcc.x86_64                                          1:12.0.76-1.fc37                     @nobara-appstream                          
cups.x86_64                                               1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-client.x86_64                                        1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filesystem.noarch                                    1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters.x86_64                                       1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                               1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                  1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                       1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.i686                                            1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.x86_64                                          1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                     0.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
curl.x86_64                                               7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
custom-device-pollrates.x86_64                            1.0.0-7.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
cxl-libs.x86_64                                           77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                  2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                       2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                     2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                   2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dash.x86_64                                               0.5.11.5-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                        77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus.x86_64                                               1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-broker.x86_64                                        33-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus-common.noarch                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                          0.112-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dbus-libs.i686                                            1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-tools.x86_64                                         1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-x11.x86_64                                           1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                       0.9.3-0.29.20160218.fc37             @fedora                                    
dcmtk.x86_64                                              3.6.7-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dconf.i686                                                0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf.x86_64                                              0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf-editor.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
debugedit.x86_64                                          5.0-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
dee.x86_64                                                1.2.7-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
default-editor.noarch                                     6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                  2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                             2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                 2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
deltarpm.x86_64                                           3.6.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                          37.0.0-11.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                 0.26-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
device-mapper.x86_64                                      1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                           1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                 1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                      0.9.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
devscripts-checkbashisms.x86_64                           2.22.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dhcp-client.x86_64                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dhcp-common.noarch                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
diffstat.x86_64                                           1.64-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
diffutils.x86_64                                          3.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
discord.x86_64                                            0.0.28-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                              1.89-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                     3.5.28-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                              0.3.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-core.x86_64                                        0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                    0.6.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-server.x86_64                                      0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dmidecode.x86_64                                          1:3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dmraid.x86_64                                             1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-events.x86_64                                      1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dnf.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-data.noarch                                           4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                   4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-utils.noarch                                          4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnsmasq.x86_64                                            2.89-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
docbook-dtds.noarch                                       1.0-80.fc37                          @fedora                                    
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                                  1.79.2-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
dos2unix.x86_64                                           7.4.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dosfstools.x86_64                                         4.2-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dotconf.x86_64                                            1.3-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dotnet-apphost-pack-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-host.x86_64                                        7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-hostfxr-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-runtime-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-sdk-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
dotnet-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                          7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-templates-7.0.x86_64                               7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
double-conversion.x86_64                                  3.1.5-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
doxygen.x86_64                                            2:1.9.5-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
draco.x86_64                                              1.5.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dracut.x86_64                                             059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                               059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-live.x86_64                                        059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-network.x86_64                                     059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-squash.x86_64                                      059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
drpm.x86_64                                               0.5.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
duktape.x86_64                                            2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dwz.x86_64                                                0.14-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dyninst.x86_64                                            12.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                          1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                                   0.2.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ed.x86_64                                                 1.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                                  0.12.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
efi-filesystem.noarch                                     5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efibootmgr.x86_64                                         18-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
efivar-libs.x86_64                                        38-6.fc37                            @updates                                   
egl-gbm.x86_64                                            1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
egl-wayland.x86_64                                        1.1.12-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
elfutils.x86_64                                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                         0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64                   0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                     0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.i686                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                    0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                              0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.i686                                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                   1:28.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
embree.x86_64                                             3.13.5-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
enchant.x86_64                                            1:1.6.0-31.fc37                      @fedora                                    
enchant2.x86_64                                           2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
enchant2-aspell.x86_64                                    2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
eog.x86_64                                                43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                                   1:43.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
espeak-ng.x86_64                                          1.51.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ethtool.x86_64                                            2:6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
evince.x86_64                                             43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-djvu.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-libs.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-previewer.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                 43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evolution-data-server.x86_64                              3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                    3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
exempi.x86_64                                             2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
exfatprogs.x86_64                                         1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
exiv2.x86_64                                              0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
expat.i686                                                2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
expat.x86_64                                              2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
faad2-libs.i686                                           1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
faad2-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
fakeroot.x86_64                                           1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                      1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fdk-aac-free.i686                                         2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                       2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                             3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                       3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gssapi.noarch                      3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                              1-3.fc37                             @fedora                                    
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-packager.noarch                                    0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-packager-kerberos.noarch                           0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-repos.noarch                                       37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-third-party.noarch                                 0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                     1.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fedpkg.noarch                                             1.44-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
ffmpeg.x86_64                                             5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.i686                                          5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                   3.3.10-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
file.x86_64                                               5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-libs.x86_64                                          5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-roller.x86_64                                        43.0-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
filesystem.x86_64                                         3.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
findutils.x86_64                                          1:4.9.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
firebird.x86_64                                           4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firebird-utils.x86_64                                     4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firefox.x86_64                                            114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                                  114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firewalld.noarch                                          1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                               1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
flac-libs.i686                                            1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flac-libs.x86_64                                          1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flashrom.x86_64                                           1.2-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
flatpak.x86_64                                            1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                       1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                    1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                             1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flex.x86_64                                               2.6.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
flexiblas.x86_64                                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                   3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                                 3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                        3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                             3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                                    2.3.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
flute.noarch                                              1.3.0-30.OOo31.fc37                  @fedora                                    
fmt.i686                                                  9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fmt.x86_64                                                9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
folks.x86_64                                              1:0.15.6-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
fontconfig.i686                                           2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fontconfig.x86_64                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                   1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                  1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic.x86_64                                           4.0.13-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic-db.noarch                                        4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                             4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                                   4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foremost.x86_64                                           1.5.7-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fpaste.noarch                                             0.4.3.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.3-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fprintd.x86_64                                            1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                        1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
freeglut.x86_64                                           3.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
freeipmi.x86_64                                           1.6.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                       2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
freetype.i686                                             2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freetype.x86_64                                           2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freexl.x86_64                                             1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fribidi.i686                                              1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fribidi.x86_64                                            1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fros.noarch                                               1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fros-gnome.noarch                                         1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fstrm.x86_64                                              0.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fuse.x86_64                                               2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-common.x86_64                                        3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-libs.x86_64                                          2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                     1.12-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fuse3.x86_64                                              3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                         3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fwupd.x86_64                                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                          1.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                         1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                     1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
game-music-emu.x86_64                                     0.6.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gamemode.i686                                             1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamemode.x86_64                                           1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamescope.x86_64                                          3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gamescope-libs.x86_64                                     3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gavl.x86_64                                               1.4.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gawk.x86_64                                               5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                 5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gc.x86_64                                                 8.0.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gcc.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-c++.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                     12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                 12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcr.x86_64                                                3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr-libs.x86_64                                           3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3.x86_64                                               3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3-base.x86_64                                          3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gd.i686                                                   2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gd.x86_64                                                 2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gdal-libs.x86_64                                          3.5.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdb.x86_64                                                13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdb-headless.x86_64                                       13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdbm-libs.i686                                            1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdcm.x86_64                                               3.0.21-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
gdisk.x86_64                                              1.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                          2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                        2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                                  2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                                2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                                   2.40.2-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdm.x86_64                                                1:43.0-4.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                              10.24-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gedit.x86_64                                              2:43~alpha-4.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
gegl04.x86_64                                             0.4.44-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
geoclue2.x86_64                                           2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                      2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geocode-glib.x86_64                                       3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                                  3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                      3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geolite2-city.noarch                                      20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geolite2-country.noarch                                   20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geos.x86_64                                               3.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gettext.x86_64                                            0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                                   0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-runtime.x86_64                                    0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gfbgraph.x86_64                                           0.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gh.x86_64                                                 2.30.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghc-base.x86_64                                           4.14.3.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                                    
ghc-mountpoints.x86_64                                    1.0.2-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ghostscript.x86_64                                        9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                            9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                         9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
giflib.x86_64                                             5.2.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
git-core.x86_64                                           2.41.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gjs.x86_64                                                1.74.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
glfw.i686                                                 1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glfw.x86_64                                               1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glib-networking.i686                                      2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib-networking.x86_64                                    2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib2.i686                                                2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2.x86_64                                              2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2-devel.x86_64                                        2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glibc.i686                                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc.x86_64                                              2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-common.x86_64                                       2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-devel.x86_64                                        2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                    2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                          2.66.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glx-utils.x86_64                                          8.4.0-14.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc37     @fedora                                    
gmp.i686                                                  1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gmp.x86_64                                                1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5-1.fc37                             @updates                                   
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                         1.4.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                       0.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                    1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                            42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                   43.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                     43.1-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-characters.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-classic-session.noarch                              43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                                3.36.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-connections.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                     43.0-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-control-center.x86_64                               43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                    43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                 43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-extension-manager.x86_64                            0.4.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                                   3.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                                43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                      42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                  42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-logs.x86_64                                         43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-maps.x86_64                                         43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-menus.x86_64                                        3.36.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                              3.46.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                                3.34.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                  
gnome-photos.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                               43.4-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-session.x86_64                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                              43.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell.x86_64                                        43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch                 46-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                    43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-arc-menu.noarch                     33-16.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch              43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-blur-my-shell.noarch                44-4.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-clipboard-history.noarch            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                       43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-custom-accent-colors.noarch         6-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-panel.noarch                56-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch                47.0.2-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-gamemode.noarch                     8-3.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch          43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell.noarch                    1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell-shortcut-overrides.noarch 1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-quick-settings-tweaker.noarch       1.15-2.git.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-supergfxctl-gex.noarch              5.0.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-wireless-hid.noarch                 8-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-nobara-theming.noarch                         1-11.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-software.x86_64                                     43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                               42.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                     3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                            3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                                  43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-tour.x86_64                                         43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                       42~beta-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                    43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-user-share.x86_64                                   43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-video-effects.noarch                                0.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-weather.noarch                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnupg2.x86_64                                             2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.i686                                               3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.x86_64                                             3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                     3.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gobject-introspection.x86_64                              1.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gom.x86_64                                                0.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
google-benchmark.x86_64                                   1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                               1.103-0.19.20130920.fc37             @fedora                                    
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                            20200215-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                       20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                      20220916-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                           20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                     20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                        20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                          20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
goverlay.x86_64                                           0.9.1-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gpgme.x86_64                                              1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                            1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpm-libs.x86_64                                           1.20.7-41.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphene.i686                                             1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphene.x86_64                                           1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphite2.i686                                            1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphite2.x86_64                                          1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphviz.x86_64                                           5.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
grep.x86_64                                               3.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
grilo.x86_64                                              0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                      0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
groff-base.x86_64                                         1.22.4-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
grub2-common.noarch                                       1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                     1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                              1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                      1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                               1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc.x86_64                                           1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                   1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools.x86_64                                        1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                    1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                  1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grubby.x86_64                                             8.40-66.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                          43.0-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gsl.x86_64                                                2.6-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gsm.i686                                                  1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsm.x86_64                                                1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsound.x86_64                                             1.0.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gspell.x86_64                                             1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gssdp.i686                                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gssdp.x86_64                                              1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gstreamer1.i686                                           1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1.x86_64                                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.i686                              1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                            1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                         1.20.3-3.fc37                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                          1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.i686                     1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64                   1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.i686                              1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                            1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-vaapi.x86_64                                   1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                              3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                           1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gtk2.i686                                                 2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2.x86_64                                               2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                       2.20.2-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gtk3.i686                                                 3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk3.x86_64                                               3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk4.x86_64                                               4.8.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                           3.24.7-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                     4.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                     5.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gts.x86_64                                                0.7.6-42.20121130.fc37               @fedora                                    
guile22.x86_64                                            2.2.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp.i686                                                1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp.x86_64                                              1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp-av.x86_64                                           0.14.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                         0.12.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.i686                                            1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                          1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint.x86_64                                         5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvfs.x86_64                                               1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-client.x86_64                                        1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvnc.x86_64                                               1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvncpulse.x86_64                                          1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gzip.x86_64                                               1.12-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.i686                                             5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.x86_64                                           5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                       5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat.x86_64                                            6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat-doc.noarch                                        6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hddtemp.x86_64                                            0.3-0.51.beta15.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hdf-libs.x86_64                                           4.2.15-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hdf5.x86_64                                               1.12.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hexedit.x86_64                                            1.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                      540.1.linux3-27.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                 0.17-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                            3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highway.i686                                              1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
highway.x86_64                                            1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hip-devel.x86_64                                          5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-doc.x86_64                                            5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-runtime-amd.x86_64                                    5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-samples.x86_64                                        5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hipify-clang.x86_64                                       15.0.0.50403-121.el9                 @nobara-rocm-official                      
hostname.x86_64                                           3.23-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
hplip.x86_64                                              3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-common.x86_64                                       3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-gui.x86_64                                          3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-libs.x86_64                                         3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hsa-rocr.x86_64                                           1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsa-rocr-devel.x86_64                                     1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsakmt-roct-devel.x86_64                                  20221020.0.2.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
hspell.x86_64                                             1.4-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                                   1:1.001-7.20200428git336a529.fc37    @fedora                                    
http-parser.x86_64                                        2.9.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
httpd.x86_64                                              2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-core.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                   2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-tools.x86_64                                        2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hunspell.x86_64                                           1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hunspell-en.noarch                                        0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                                1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hwdata.noarch                                             0.371-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                         2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                     0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                             0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                       0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervvssd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyphen.x86_64                                             2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hyphen-en.noarch                                          2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
i2c-tools.x86_64                                          4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ibus.x86_64                                               1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                         1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                  1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                        1.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                     1.13.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libs.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                          1.4.19-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-setup.noarch                                         1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                                2.23.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                   3.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ilbc.x86_64                                               3.0.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                      1.4-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
imath.x86_64                                              3.1.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
imlib2.x86_64                                             1.7.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
info.x86_64                                               6.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
inih.i686                                                 56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
inih.x86_64                                               56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
iniparser.x86_64                                          4.1-11.fc37                          @updates                                   
initscripts.x86_64                                        10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                          10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-service.noarch                                10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
inkscape.x86_64                                           1.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
inotify-tools.x86_64                                      3.22.1.0-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                       22.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                                 20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
intel-media-driver.x86_64                                 22.5.4-3.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                     22.5.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
inxi.noarch                                               3.3.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ipcalc.x86_64                                             1.0.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ipmitool.x86_64                                           1.8.18-26.fc37                       @fedora                                    
iproute.x86_64                                            5.18.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ipset.x86_64                                              7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ipset-libs.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
iptables-libs.x86_64                                      1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptables-nft.x86_64                                       1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptstate.x86_64                                           2.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iputils.x86_64                                            20221126-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                     20220210-2.git64113751.fc37          @fedora                                    
irrXML.x86_64                                             1.8.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                              6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                     6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                    0.101-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iso-codes.noarch                                          4.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
isomd5sum.x86_64                                          1:1.2.3-17.fc37                      @fedora                                    
iw.x86_64                                                 5.9-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
jansson.x86_64                                            2.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jasper-libs.x86_64                                        3.0.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                                    1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                           1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                            6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javapackages-tools.noarch                                 6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                      0.19-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.i686                                         2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                       2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jemalloc.x86_64                                           5.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
john.x86_64                                               1.8.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                    0.003-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jq.x86_64                                                 1.6-14.fc37                          @fedora                                    
js-jquery.noarch                                          3.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-c.i686                                               0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-c.x86_64                                             0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-glib.i686                                            1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-glib.x86_64                                          1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
jsoncpp.x86_64                                            1.9.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                        1:7.222-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
jwhois.x86_64                                             4.0-68.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                  1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                              22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                                22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kasumi-common.noarch                                      2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                     2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kbd.x86_64                                                2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-legacy.noarch                                         2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-misc.noarch                                           2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                     4-68.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kde-settings.noarch                                       37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kdecoration.x86_64                                        5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kernel.x86_64                                             6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-headers.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1.0-16.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kexec-tools.x86_64                                        2.0.25-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keybinder3.x86_64                                         0.3.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keyutils.x86_64                                           1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.i686                                        1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kf5-attica.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                           5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                      5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                                 5.105.0-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                            5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                           5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                      22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-solid.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-syndication.x86_64                                    1:5.105.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                              5.0-36.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kmod.x86_64                                               30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmod-libs.x86_64                                          30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmodtool.noarch                                           1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
koji.noarch                                               1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kpartx.x86_64                                             0.9.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
krb5-libs.i686                                            1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                          1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                        1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                   1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
ladspa.x86_64                                             1.13-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lame-libs.i686                                            3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lame-libs.x86_64                                          3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                  3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                             3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-en.noarch                                       3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langtable.noarch                                          0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lasi.x86_64                                               1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lato-fonts.noarch                                         2.015-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lcms2.i686                                                2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
lcms2.x86_64                                              2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
leptonica.x86_64                                          1.82.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
less.x86_64                                               633-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libFAudio.i686                                            23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libFAudio.x86_64                                          23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libGLEW.i686                                              2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libGLEW.x86_64                                            2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libICE.i686                                               1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libICE.x86_64                                             1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.i686                                                1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.x86_64                                              1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libX11.i686                                               1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11.x86_64                                             1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-common.noarch                                      1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-devel.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.i686                                           1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                         1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libXScrnSaver.i686                                        1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                      1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.i686                                               1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.x86_64                                             1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXaw.x86_64                                             1.0.14-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.i686                                        0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.x86_64                                      0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.i686                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.x86_64                                         1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.i686                                           1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.x86_64                                         1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdmcp.x86_64                                           1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.i686                                              1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.x86_64                                            1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.i686                                            6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.x86_64                                          6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfont2.x86_64                                          2.0.3-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXft.i686                                               2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXft.x86_64                                             2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXi.i686                                                1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXi.x86_64                                              1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXinerama.i686                                          1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXinerama.x86_64                                        1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXmu.x86_64                                             1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXpm.i686                                               3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpm.x86_64                                             3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpresent.x86_64                                        1.0.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXrandr.i686                                            1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrandr.x86_64                                          1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrender.i686                                           0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXrender.x86_64                                         0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXres.x86_64                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXt.x86_64                                              1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXtst.i686                                              1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXtst.x86_64                                            1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXv.i686                                                1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXv.x86_64                                              1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXvMC.x86_64                                            1.0.12-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                        1.1.5-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.i686                                           1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                         1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.i686                                               0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.x86_64                                             0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libabw.x86_64                                             0.1.3-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                                   1.25-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                                    1.16-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libacl.x86_64                                             2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita.x86_64                                         1.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaec.x86_64                                             1.0.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaio.x86_64                                             0.3.111-14.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libao.x86_64                                              1.2.0-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libaom.i686                                               3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libaom.x86_64                                             3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libappindicator.x86_64                                    12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                               12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                  0.8.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libarchive.x86_64                                         3.6.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libargon2.x86_64                                          20190702-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                        2.3.21-28.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libass.i686                                               0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libass.x86_64                                             0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libassuan.x86_64                                          2.5.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libasyncns.i686                                           0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libasyncns.x86_64                                         0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libatasmart.x86_64                                        0.19-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libatomic.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libatomic.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libattr.i686                                              2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libattr.x86_64                                            2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libavc1394.x86_64                                         0.5.4-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libavdevice.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libavif.i686                                              0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libavif.x86_64                                            0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libb2.x86_64                                              0.98.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                      1.5.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbase.noarch                                            1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                    0.1.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblockdev.x86_64                                        2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libbluray.i686                                            1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbluray.x86_64                                          1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbpf.x86_64                                             2:0.8.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libbrotli.i686                                            1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbrotli.x86_64                                          1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbs2b.x86_64                                            3.1.0-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbsd.x86_64                                             0.11.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                        2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libcaca.x86_64                                            0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
libcanberra.i686                                          0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra.x86_64                                        0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap.i686                                               2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap.x86_64                                             2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap-ng.x86_64                                          0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                  0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcbor.x86_64                                            0.7.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcddb.x86_64                                            1.3.2-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcdio.i686                                              2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio.x86_64                                            2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                   10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libcdr.x86_64                                             0.1.7-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libchamplain.x86_64                                       0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                   0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchromaprint.x86_64                                     1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.i686                                    0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                  0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcmis.x86_64                                            0.5.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcollection.x86_64                                      0.7.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.i686                                           1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.x86_64                                         1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcomps.x86_64                                           0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcue.x86_64                                             2.2.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcurl.i686                                              7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcurl.x86_64                                            7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxx.x86_64                                             15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxxabi.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdaemon.x86_64                                          0.14-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdap.x86_64                                             3.20.10-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdatrie.i686                                            0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdatrie.x86_64                                          0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdav1d.i686                                             1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdav1d.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdazzle.x86_64                                          3.44.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdb.x86_64                                              5.3.28-53.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.i686                                          16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                        16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                     16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdc1394.x86_64                                          2.2.6-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdca.i686                                               0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdca.x86_64                                             0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libde265.i686                                             1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libde265.x86_64                                           1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libdecor.i686                                             0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdecor.x86_64                                           0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdhash.x86_64                                           0.5.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                     2.9.42-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                                    3.9.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmx.x86_64                                             1.1.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdnf.x86_64                                             0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdrm.i686                                               2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libdrm.x86_64                                             2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                       2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                          1.3.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.i686                                            6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.x86_64                                          6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.i686                                           6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.x86_64                                         6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libe-book.x86_64                                          0.1.3-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libebml.x86_64                                            1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libeconf.x86_64                                           0.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libedit.i686                                              3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libedit.x86_64                                            3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libeot.x86_64                                             0.01-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libepoxy.i686                                             1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepoxy.x86_64                                           1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepubgen.x86_64                                         0.1.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                            1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                            2:1.07.6-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                          2:20230625-151.fc37                  @updates                                   
libetonyek.x86_64                                         0.1.10-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevdev.x86_64                                           1.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.i686                                             2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.x86_64                                           2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.i686                                              0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.x86_64                                            0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexttextcat.x86_64                                      3.4.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfbclient2.x86_64                                       4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libfdisk.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libffi.i686                                               3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi.x86_64                                             3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi-devel.x86_64                                       3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libfido2.x86_64                                           1.11.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfontenc.x86_64                                         1.1.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfonts.noarch                                           1.1.3-39.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libformula.noarch                                         1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfprint.x86_64                                          1.94.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                        0.1.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libfreehand.x86_64                                        0.1.2-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfsverity.x86_64                                        1.4-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftdi.x86_64                                            1.5-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftl.x86_64                                             0.9.14-11.fc37                       @rpmfusion-free                            
libgcab1.x86_64                                           1.5-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgcc.i686                                               12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcc.x86_64                                             12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcrypt.i686                                            1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgcrypt.x86_64                                          1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdata.x86_64                                           0.18.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdither.x86_64                                         0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgee.x86_64                                             0.20.6-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgeotiff.x86_64                                         1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgexiv2.x86_64                                          0.14.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgfortran.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgit2.x86_64                                            1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libglvnd.i686                                             1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd.x86_64                                           1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                                1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                     1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-egl.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-gles.i686                                        1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-glx.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-opengl.i686                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                    1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                        3.28.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgomp.i686                                              12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgomp.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgpg-error.i686                                         1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                       1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgphoto2.i686                                           2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgphoto2.x86_64                                         2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgpod.x86_64                                            0.8.3-42.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgrss.x86_64                                            0.7.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgs.x86_64                                              9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgsf.x86_64                                             1.14.47-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libgta.x86_64                                             1.2.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgtop2.x86_64                                           2.40.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgudev.i686                                             237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgudev.x86_64                                           237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgusb.i686                                              0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgusb.x86_64                                            0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgweather.x86_64                                        40.0-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgweather4.x86_64                                       4.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgxps.x86_64                                            0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libhandy.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libhangul.x86_64                                          0.1.0-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libharu.x86_64                                            2.3.0-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libi2c.x86_64                                             4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libib-util.x86_64                                         4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libibverbs.i686                                           41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libibverbs.x86_64                                         41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libical.x86_64                                            3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libical-glib.x86_64                                       3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libicu.i686                                               71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libicu.x86_64                                             71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn.x86_64                                             1.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn2.i686                                              2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libidn2.x86_64                                            2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libieee1284.i686                                          0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libieee1284.x86_64                                        0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libijs.x86_64                                             0.35-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libimagequant.i686                                        2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimagequant.x86_64                                      2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                   1.3.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                  12.10.1-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libini_config.x86_64                                      1.3.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libinput.x86_64                                           1.22.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libinstpatch.x86_64                                       1.1.6-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libipt.x86_64                                             2.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libiptcdata.x86_64                                        1.0.5-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libjaylink.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjcat.x86_64                                            0.1.13-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                        2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                      2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjxl.i686                                               1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libjxl.x86_64                                             1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkadm5.x86_64                                           1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkate.x86_64                                            0.4.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libkcapi.x86_64                                           1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                  1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkml.x86_64                                             1.3.0-40.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libksba.x86_64                                            1.6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblangtag.x86_64                                         0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblangtag-data.noarch                                    0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblayout.noarch                                          0.2.10-29.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libldac.i686                                              2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldac.x86_64                                            2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldb.x86_64                                             2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblerc.x86_64                                            4.0.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libliftoff.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libloader.noarch                                          1.1.3-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouis.x86_64                                           3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                     3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                      2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                                2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblqr-1.x86_64                                           0.4.2-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmad.x86_64                                             0.15.1b-34.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libmanette.x86_64                                         0.2.6-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmarkdown.x86_64                                        2.2.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmatroska.x86_64                                        1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                       1.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmbim.x86_64                                            1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                      1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmcrypt.x86_64                                          2.5.8-32.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmd.x86_64                                              1.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmediaart.x86_64                                        1.9.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmediainfo.x86_64                                       23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmetalink.x86_64                                        0.1.3-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmicrodns.x86_64                                        0.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmng.x86_64                                             2.0.3-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmnl.x86_64                                             1.0.5-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmodplug.i686                                           1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodplug.x86_64                                         1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodulemd.x86_64                                        2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libmount.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpc.x86_64                                             1.2.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmpcdec.x86_64                                          1.2.6-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.i686                                             0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.x86_64                                           0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmspack.x86_64                                          0.10.1-0.8.alpha.fc37                @fedora                                    
libmspub.x86_64                                           0.1.4-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmtp.x86_64                                             1.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmwaw.x86_64                                            0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmysofa.i686                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmysofa.x86_64                                          1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libndp.x86_64                                             1.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnet.x86_64                                             1.2-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnetapi.x86_64                                          2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                             1.0.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                       1.0.1-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnftnl.x86_64                                           1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnghttp2.i686                                           1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                         1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnice.i686                                              0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnice.x86_64                                            0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnl3.i686                                               3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3.x86_64                                             3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                         3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnma.x86_64                                             1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                        1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnotify.x86_64                                          0.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libnsl.i686                                               2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libnsl.x86_64                                             2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
libnsl2.i686                                              2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnsl2.x86_64                                            2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnumbertext.x86_64                                      1.0.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liboauth.x86_64                                           1.0.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libodfgen.x86_64                                          0.1.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libogg.i686                                               2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libogg.x86_64                                             2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libomp.x86_64                                             15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libomp-devel.x86_64                                       15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.i686                                           0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.x86_64                                         0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liborcus.x86_64                                           0.17.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libosinfo.x86_64                                          1.10.0-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                                       0.0.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpaper.x86_64                                           1.1.28-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                        2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libpath_utils.x86_64                                      0.2.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpcap.i686                                              14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpcap.x86_64                                            14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpciaccess.i686                                         0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                       0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                                 0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpeas.x86_64                                            1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                        1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                             1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libphonenumber.x86_64                                     8.12.57-6.fc37                       @updates                                   
libpinyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpipeline.x86_64                                        1.5.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpkgconf.x86_64                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libplacebo.i686                                           4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplacebo.x86_64                                         4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplist.x86_64                                           2.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpng.i686                                               2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng.x86_64                                             2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng12.i686                                             1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libpng12.x86_64                                           1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libportal.x86_64                                          0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libpq.x86_64                                              14.3-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libproxy.i686                                             0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy.x86_64                                           0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                                   0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpskc.x86_64                                            2.6.7-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpsl.i686                                               0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpsl.x86_64                                             0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpwquality.x86_64                                       1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqhull_r.x86_64                                         1:7.2.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libqmi.x86_64                                             1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                       1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                                    1.8.0-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                       1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libquadmath.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                                  12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqxp.x86_64                                             0.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libraqm.x86_64                                            0.8.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libraw1394.x86_64                                         2.1.2-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libref_array.x86_64                                       0.1.5-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libreoffice.x86_64                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-base.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-data.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                          1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                            1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-math.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                       1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                                  1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                                 1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
librepo.x86_64                                            1.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libreport.x86_64                                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-fedora.x86_64                                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-filesystem.noarch                               2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                        2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                            2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                    2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                           2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-web.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
librepository.noarch                                      1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libretls.x86_64                                           3.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librevenge.x86_64                                         0.0.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
librist.x86_64                                            0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librsvg2.i686                                             2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librsvg2.x86_64                                           2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librtmp.i686                                              2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librtmp.x86_64                                            2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librttopo.x86_64                                          1.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsamplerate.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                    0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                      3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libsbc.i686                                               1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libsbc.x86_64                                             1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libseat.x86_64                                            0.7.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
libseccomp.x86_64                                         2.5.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsecret.x86_64                                          0.20.5-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libselinux.i686                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux.x86_64                                         3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsemanage.x86_64                                        3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.i686                                             3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.x86_64                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                     3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libserf.x86_64                                            1.3.9-27.fc37                        @updates                                   
libserializer.noarch                                      1.1.2-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libshaderc.i686                                           2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshaderc.x86_64                                         2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshout.i686                                             2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshout.x86_64                                           2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshumate.x86_64                                         1.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsigc++20.x86_64                                        2.10.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsigsegv.x86_64                                         2.14-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libslirp.x86_64                                           4.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmartcols.x86_64                                       2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libsmbios.x86_64                                          2.4.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmi.x86_64                                             0.4.8-31.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsndfile.i686                                           1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsndfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsodium.x86_64                                          1.0.18-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsolv.x86_64                                            0.7.22-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.i686                                              2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.x86_64                                            2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup3.i686                                             3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsoup3.x86_64                                           3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libspatialaudio.x86_64                                    3.1-7.20200406gitd926a2e.fc37        @fedora                                    
libspatialite.x86_64                                      5.0.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libspectre.x86_64                                         0.2.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libspnav.x86_64                                           1.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsquish.x86_64                                          1.15-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.i686                                              2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.x86_64                                            2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libss.x86_64                                              1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libssh.i686                                               0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh.x86_64                                             0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh-config.noarch                                      0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh2.x86_64                                            1.10.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                       2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libstaroffice.x86_64                                      0.0.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libstdc++.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                    12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstemmer.i686                                           0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libstemmer.x86_64                                         0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libtalloc.x86_64                                          2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtasn1.i686                                             4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtasn1.x86_64                                           4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtdb.i686                                               1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtdb.x86_64                                             1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libteam.x86_64                                            1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libtevent.x86_64                                          0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.i686                                              0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.x86_64                                            0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtheora.i686                                            1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtheora.x86_64                                          1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtiff.i686                                              4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiff.x86_64                                            4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiger.x86_64                                           0.3.4-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                     0.4.5.2-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtirpc.i686                                             1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtirpc.x86_64                                           1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                        1.18.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtommath.x86_64                                         1.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.i686                                         2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                       2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtracker-sparql.i686                                    3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                  3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libubsan.x86_64                                           12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libudfread.i686                                           1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudfread.x86_64                                         1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudisks2.x86_64                                         2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libunistring.i686                                         1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunistring.x86_64                                       1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunity.x86_64                                           7.1.4-30.20190319.fc37               @fedora                                    
libunwind.i686                                            1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libunwind.x86_64                                          1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libupnp.x86_64                                            1.14.17-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
liburing.x86_64                                           2.3-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                                  0.1.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libusb1.i686                                              1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusb1.x86_64                                            1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                         2.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuser.x86_64                                            0.63-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libutempter.x86_64                                        1.2.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuuid.i686                                              2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuuid.x86_64                                            2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuv.x86_64                                              1:1.44.2-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libv4l.i686                                               1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libv4l.x86_64                                             1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.i686                                                2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.x86_64                                              2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                                 2.4.1-9.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libva-intel-hybrid-driver.x86_64                          1.0.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvdpau.i686                                             1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libvdpau.x86_64                                           1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libverto.i686                                             0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libverto.x86_64                                           0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvisio.x86_64                                           0.1.7-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvisual.i686                                            1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvisual.x86_64                                          1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvmaf.x86_64                                            2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvncserver.x86_64                                       0.9.13-13.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvoikko.x86_64                                          4.3.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvorbis.i686                                            1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvorbis.x86_64                                          1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvpx.i686                                               1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvpx.x86_64                                             1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwacom.x86_64                                           2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwacom-data.noarch                                      2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwayland-client.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-client.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.i686                                       1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                     1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwbclient.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwebp.i686                                              1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwebp.x86_64                                            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwinpr.x86_64                                           2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                        0.2.12-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwnck3.x86_64                                           43.0-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
libwpd.x86_64                                             0.10.3-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libwpe.x86_64                                             1.14.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwpg.x86_64                                             0.3.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libwps.x86_64                                             0.4.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libxcb.i686                                               1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb.x86_64                                             1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcrypt.i686                                            4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt.x86_64                                          4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.i686                                     4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                   4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                    4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcvt.x86_64                                            0.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.i686                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                       1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                   1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxklavier.x86_64                                        5.4-21.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxml2.i686                                              2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxml2.x86_64                                            2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxmlb.x86_64                                            0.3.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxshmfence.i686                                         1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxshmfence.x86_64                                       1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxslt.x86_64                                            1.1.38-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libyaml.x86_64                                            0.2.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libyubikey.x86_64                                         1.13-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzen.x86_64                                             0.4.41-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzip.x86_64                                             1.9.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzmf.x86_64                                             0.0.2-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libzstd.i686                                              1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd.x86_64                                            1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                      1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lilv-libs.i686                                            0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lilv-libs.x86_64                                          0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
linux-firmware.noarch                                     20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                              20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
lirc-libs.x86_64                                          0.10.0-37.fc37                       @fedora                                    
live555.x86_64                                            2023.03.30-1.fc37                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                       1.0.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
llvm.x86_64                                               15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.i686                                            15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm13-libs.x86_64                                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors.x86_64                                         3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                      3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                    3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lmdb.x86_64                                               0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                          0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lockdev.i686                                              1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
lockdev.x86_64                                            1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
logrotate.x86_64                                          3.20.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                               2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                             2.95.5-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                               2.92.4-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                2.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                                2.94.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                   2.91.2-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                  2.91.3-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                 2.5.5-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                 2.1-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpf.noarch                                                0.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpsolve.x86_64                                            5.5.2.0-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lrzsz.x86_64                                              0.12.20-56.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lsof.x86_64                                               4.94.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lttng-ust.x86_64                                          2.13.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lua.x86_64                                                5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-libs.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-posix.x86_64                                          35.1-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
luajit.x86_64                                             2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc37                 @updates                                   
lutris.x86_64                                             0.5.13-9.git.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
lv2.x86_64                                                1.18.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lvm2.x86_64                                               2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                         2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                          2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lz4-libs.i686                                             1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lz4-libs.x86_64                                           1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lzo.x86_64                                                2.10-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lzop.x86_64                                               1.04-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
m17n-db.noarch                                            1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m17n-lib.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m4.x86_64                                                 1.4.19-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mactel-boot.x86_64                                        0.9-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mailcap.noarch                                            2.1.53-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
make.x86_64                                               1:4.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent.x86_64                                         0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-control.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                    0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-db.x86_64                                             2.10.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-pages.noarch                                          5.13-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mangohud.i686                                             0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mangohud.x86_64                                           0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
mariadb.x86_64                                            3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-common.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                                3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                         3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64                    3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                   3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                              3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                               3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
material-icons-fonts.noarch                               4.0.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mbedtls.x86_64                                            2.28.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mcelog.x86_64                                             3:175-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mdadm.x86_64                                              4.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
media-player-info.noarch                                  23-11.fc37                           @fedora                                    
mediainfo.x86_64                                          23.04-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
mediawriter.x86_64                                        5.0.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
memstrack.x86_64                                          0.2.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
memtest86+.x86_64                                         5.31-0.7.beta.fc37                   @fedora                                    
mesa-demos.x86_64                                         8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36     @anaconda                                  
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                   23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-filesystem.i686                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                    23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libEGL.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGL.i686                                           23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                         23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                        9.0.2-0.1.20221226.gitcbbff88.fc37   @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                       23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libgbm.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libglapi.i686                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                  23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.i686                            23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                                  23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                                23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos                             
meson.noarch                                              1.0.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mhash.x86_64                                              0.9.9.9-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                      2:2.1-53.1.fc37                      @updates                                   
minizip.x86_64                                            3.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
minizip-compat.x86_64                                     1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mjpegtools-libs.i686                                      2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mkfontscale.x86_64                                        1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mkpasswd.x86_64                                           5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                     20220725-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
mock.noarch                                               4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mock-core-configs.noarch                                  38.6-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
mock-filesystem.noarch                                    4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                          0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mod_http2.x86_64                                          2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mod_lua.x86_64                                            2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mokutil.x86_64                                            2:0.6.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                 1.9-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                                   2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
mozjs102.x86_64                                           102.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
mozjs91.x86_64                                            91.13.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mpage.x86_64                                              2.5.7-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpdecimal.x86_64                                          2.5.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mpfr.x86_64                                               4.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpg123-libs.i686                                          1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                        1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpv.x86_64                                                0.35.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-bc-fonts.noarch                                    3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-edwin-fonts.noarch                                 3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts.noarch                                       3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts-all.noarch                                   3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-gootville-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-leland-fonts.noarch                                3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretab-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretext-fonts.noarch                            3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-musejazz-fonts.noarch                              3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                                    20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
mtd-utils.x86_64                                          2.1.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtdev.x86_64                                              1.1.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtools.x86_64                                             4.0.43-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mtr.x86_64                                                2:0.95-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
mutter.x86_64                                             43.2.vrr.11-2.fc37                   @nobara-baseos                             
mysql-selinux.noarch                                      1.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mythes.x86_64                                             1.2.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mythes-en.noarch                                          3.0-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
nano.x86_64                                               6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nano-default-editor.noarch                                6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nautilus.x86_64                                           43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-admin.noarch                                     1.1.9-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                                43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-python.x86_64                                    4.0-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ncurses.x86_64                                            6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-base.noarch                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.i686                                         6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ndctl.x86_64                                              77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                         77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
neofetch.noarch                                           7.1.0-10.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                      1:5.9.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
net-tools.x86_64                                          2.0-0.64.20160912git.fc37            @updates                                   
netavark.x86_64                                           1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcat.x86_64                                             1.225-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcdf.x86_64                                             4.9.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
netpbm.x86_64                                             11.02.00-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nettle.i686                                               3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nettle.x86_64                                             3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
newt.x86_64                                               0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nftables.x86_64                                           1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                                    3-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ninja-build.x86_64                                        1.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                               1.28.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap.x86_64                                               3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                          3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nobara-amdgpu-config.x86_64                               2.1-0.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-bookmarks.noarch                                   37-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-controller-config.noarch                           1.0-6.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login.noarch                                       1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-config.noarch                                1.1-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-sysctl.noarch                                1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos.noarch                                       36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos-httpd.noarch                                 36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-nvidia-wizard.noarch                               1.1-12.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-common.noarch                              37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-identity-workstation.noarch                37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-workstation.noarch                         37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-repos.noarch                                       37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-welcome.noarch                                     2.5-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nodejs.x86_64                                             1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-docs.noarch                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                   1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                         1:9.5.1-1.18.16.0.8.fc37             @updates                                   
nordvpn.x86_64                                            3.16.3-1                             @repo.nordvpn.com_yum_nordvpn_centos_x86_64
npth.x86_64                                               1.6-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nspr.i686                                                 4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nspr.x86_64                                               4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.i686                                                  3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.x86_64                                                3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-mdns.i686                                             0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-mdns.x86_64                                           0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-softokn.i686                                          3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                                   3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                 3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.i686                                             3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.x86_64                                           3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                            2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                         1.0-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                          2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
numactl.x86_64                                            2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.i686                                         2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.x86_64                                       2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.i686                               1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.x86_64                             1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
obs-studio-libs.x86_64                                    29.1.3-5.20230709.c58e511.fc37       @nobara-appstream                          
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                  7-2.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.i686                                              2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.x86_64                                            2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ogdi.x86_64                                               4.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
oidn-libs.x86_64                                          1.4.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
okular.x86_64                                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-libs.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-part.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
oneapi-level-zero.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ongres-scram.noarch                                       2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-scram-client.noarch                                2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-stringprep.noarch                                  1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
oniguruma.x86_64                                          6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37     @fedora                                    
onlyoffice-desktopeditors.x86_64                          7.4.0-163.el7                        @nobara-onlyoffice                         
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                    1.10-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                      12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                              12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                        1.6.70-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openal-soft.i686                                          1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openal-soft.x86_64                                        1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openblas.x86_64                                           0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                                  0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-serial.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                               2-12.fc37                            @fedora                                    
opencl-filesystem.noarch                                  1.0-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencolorio1.x86_64                                       1.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openconnect.x86_64                                        9.01-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencore-amr.i686                                         0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencore-amr.x86_64                                       0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencv-core.x86_64                                        4.6.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openexr-libs.x86_64                                       3.1.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openh264.x86_64                                           2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
openjpeg2.i686                                            2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openjpeg2.x86_64                                          2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openldap.i686                                             2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap.x86_64                                           2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap-compat.x86_64                                    2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openmp-extras-runtime.x86_64                              15.54.0.50403-121.el9                @nobara-rocm-official                      
openpgl.x86_64                                            0.4.1-0.1.beta.fc37                  @updates                                   
openpgm.x86_64                                            5.2.122-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
opensc.x86_64                                             0.23.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openshadinglanguage-libs.x86_64                           1.12.10.0-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
openssh.x86_64                                            8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-clients.x86_64                                    8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-server.x86_64                                     8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssl.x86_64                                            1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-devel.x86_64                                      1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.i686                                         1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                       1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                       0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                     0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opensubdiv.x86_64                                         3.5.0-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                       10.0.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
openvpn.x86_64                                            2.5.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openxr-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
opus.i686                                                 1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opus.x86_64                                               1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.i686                                                  0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.x86_64                                                0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orca.noarch                                               43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
os-prober.x86_64                                          1.81-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
osinfo-db.noarch                                          20230518-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                    1.10.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree.x86_64                                             2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree-libs.x86_64                                        2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
p11-kit.i686                                              0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit.x86_64                                            0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                     0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                      0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip.x86_64                                              16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                      16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                          0.5-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                          6.0-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pam.x86_64                                                1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam_afs_session.x86_64                                    2.6-17.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                       2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pango.i686                                                1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pango.x86_64                                              1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pangomm.x86_64                                            2.46.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
papirus-icon-theme.noarch                                 20230301-2.fc37                      @updates                                   
paps.x86_64                                               0.7.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
parted.x86_64                                             3.5-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
partio-libs.x86_64                                        1.14.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
passt.x86_64                                              0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passt-selinux.noarch                                      0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passwd.x86_64                                             0.80-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
passwdqc.x86_64                                           2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
patch.x86_64                                              2.7.6-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
patchutils.x86_64                                         0.4.2-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pavucontrol.x86_64                                        5.0-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                         1.1-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pciutils.x86_64                                           3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pcre.i686                                                 8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre.x86_64                                               8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                           8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-devel.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre2.i686                                                10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2.x86_64                                              10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                       10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                          1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                     1.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                       1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                     1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pdftk-java.noarch                                         3.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                     1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                      1:0.9.4-28.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl.x86_64                                               4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                                1.2010-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                                   2.40-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                   1.68-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                            1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                    5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                     5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-B.x86_64                                             1.83-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                     1.23-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-CPAN.noarch                                          2.36-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                             0.12-26.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                     2.150010-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                        2.140-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                                0.018-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Carp.noarch                                          1.52-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                  0.66-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                                2.28-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                            2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                             2.201-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                             2.202-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                             0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                                 0.34-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                                4.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                                   1.22-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBI.x86_64                                           1.643-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                                    0.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                       1.858-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                   2.184-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                  0.112-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Section.noarch                                  0.200007-17.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                                  3.68-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                                    1.32-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                             1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                                    0.83-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Digest.noarch                                        1.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                    2.58-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                    1:6.03-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                                   2.13-37.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                     1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                                     2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                    1.52-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Encode.x86_64                                        4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                 1.05-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                                  4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-English.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Env.noarch                                           1.05-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Errno.x86_64                                         1.36-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Exporter.noarch                                      5.77-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                             1:0.280236-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                              2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                             0.25-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                                1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                              2.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                             2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                            2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                             1:1.73-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                             1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                              1:3.45-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                         1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                                  0.09-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                 2.85-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                  1.100.700-494.fc37                   @updates                                   
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                     2.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                                  1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                                    1.04-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Find.noarch                                     1.40-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                                  1.006-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                  6.15-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Path.noarch                                     2.18-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                     1:0.231.100-489.fc37                 @fedora                                    
perl-File-Which.noarch                                    1.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-stat.noarch                                     1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileCache.noarch                                     1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                    2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Filter.x86_64                                        2:1.64-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                                 0.96-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-FindBin.noarch                                       1.53-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                                     1:1.23-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                   1:2.54-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                    1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                     6.05-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                     0.086-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                                     0.28-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                                  1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                                 0.45-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                 0.21-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO.x86_64                                            1.50-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                   2.201-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                              2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                  0.41-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                 2.075-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                       1:1.11-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                       2:1.04-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                     1.22-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                      2.09-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                             1.30-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                                12.60-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Importer.noarch                                      0.026-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                       1:4.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                       1:4.03-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                               1.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                        1:0.21-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                   3.16-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                                  1.013.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                    0.15-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                   1:1.9998.37-2.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                          0.501.300-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                                   0.2624-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                  1.59-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Memoize.noarch                                       1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Module-Build.noarch                                  2:0.42.31-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                               1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                         1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                   1:0.36-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                       0.74-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                                 1:0.08-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                               1.000037-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                              0.88-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                    20211001-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                     1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NEXT.noarch                                          0.69-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NKF.x86_64                                           1:2.1.4-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Net.noarch                                           1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                      2.75-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                    1.92-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                                     1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                               0.009-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                        1.57-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                         2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                             1.106-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Check.noarch                                  1:0.38-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                   1.102-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                     3.84-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                                   1.010-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                        0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                                   4:1.75-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                   1:1.07-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                                 1.14-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                      1.33-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                   3.28.01-490.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                    1:3.43-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                     4:2.03-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Safe.noarch                                          2.43-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                             5:1.63-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                                   1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                                    1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                        4:2.036-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Software-License.noarch                              0.104002-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Storable.x86_64                                      1:3.26-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                  0.988-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                   0.928-33.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Symbol.noarch                                        1.09-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                                  1.24-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                    0.36-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                                5.01-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                      1.17-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                                 1.403-494.fc37                       @updates                                   
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                                 1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                                 0.002-38.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                                0.031-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Table.noarch                                    0.016-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                   2.38-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Test.noarch                                          1.31-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                  1:3.44-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                                   3:1.302191-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                 2.06-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                     1.45-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                     0.11-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                               3.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                                2023.0511-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
perl-Text-Template.noarch                                 1.60-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Thread.noarch                                        3.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                  3.14-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                              2.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie.noarch                                           4.6-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-File.noarch                                      1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                                   1.1-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                                   1.40-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Time.noarch                                          1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                    4:1.9770-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                    2:1.300-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                    1.3401-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                      1:2.33-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                              1.01-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-URI.noarch                                           5.17-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-URI-Encode.noarch                                    1.1.1-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                               1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                             2019.001-14.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                             1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                                   0.78-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-User-pwent.noarch                                    1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                                    0.81-45.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                    2.46-12.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-autodie.noarch                                       2.34-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-autouse.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-base.noarch                                          2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-bignum.noarch                                        0.66-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-blib.noarch                                          1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                  3.7.5-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-constant.noarch                                      1.33-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-debugger.noarch                                      1.60-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-deprecate.noarch                                     0.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-devel.x86_64                                         4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-diagnostics.noarch                                   1.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-doc.noarch                                           5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-encoding.x86_64                                      4:3.00-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                             0.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-experimental.noarch                                  0.028-489.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-fields.noarch                                        2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-filetest.noarch                                      1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-if.noarch                                            0.61.000-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-inc-latest.noarch                                    2:0.500-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                   4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-less.noarch                                          0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-lib.x86_64                                           0.65-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-libnet.noarch                                        3.14-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                     4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-libs.x86_64                                          4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-local-lib.noarch                                     2.000029-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-locale.noarch                                        1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-macros.noarch                                        4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-meta-notation.noarch                                 5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-mro.x86_64                                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-open.noarch                                          1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overload.noarch                                      1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overloading.noarch                                   0.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-parent.noarch                                        1:0.238-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                       5.20210520-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ph.x86_64                                            5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-podlators.noarch                                     1:4.14-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                       1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-sort.noarch                                          2.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1-46.fc37                            @fedora                                    
perl-subs.noarch                                          1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-threads.x86_64                                       1:2.27-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                1.64-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-utils.noarch                                         5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-vars.noarch                                          1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-version.x86_64                                       8:0.99.29-490.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-vmsish.noarch                                        1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                         4.11.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                       2:4.10.0-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
picosat-libs.x86_64                                       965-15.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pigz.x86_64                                               2.7-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pinentry.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                    1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinfo.x86_64                                              0.6.10-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
pipewire.i686                                             0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire.x86_64                                           0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-codec-aptx.x86_64                                0.3.71-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                                0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                     0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pixman.i686                                               0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pixman.x86_64                                             0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                      1.29.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkgconf.x86_64                                            1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                 1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                      5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                               5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plocate.x86_64                                            1.1.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plymouth.x86_64                                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                 22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                   22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
pocl.x86_64                                               3.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
podman.x86_64                                             5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                     5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
policycoreutils.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
polkit.x86_64                                             121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-libs.x86_64                                        121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                 0.1-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                       0.114.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
poly2tri.x86_64                                           0.0-25.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc37   @fedora                                    
poppler.x86_64                                            22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-data.noarch                                       0.4.11-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
poppler-glib.x86_64                                       22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-utils.x86_64                                      22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
popt.x86_64                                               1.19-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                                    42.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
potrace.x86_64                                            1.16-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                              0.12-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
powerline.x86_64                                          2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
powerline-fonts.noarch                                    2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ppp.x86_64                                                2.4.9-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pptp.x86_64                                               1.10.0-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
procps-ng.x86_64                                          3.3.17-6.fc37.2                      @updates                                   
proj.x86_64                                               9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data.noarch                                          9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-at.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-au.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-be.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-br.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ca.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ch.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-de.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-dk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-es.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-eur.noarch                                      9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fi.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fo.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fr.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-is.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-jp.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-mx.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nc.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nl.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-no.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nz.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-pt.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-se.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-sk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-uk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-us.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-za.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf.x86_64                                           3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protobuf-c.x86_64                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                      3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protonup-qt.x86_64                                        2.8.0-4.git.fc37                     @nobara-baseos                             
psacct.x86_64                                             6.6.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
psmisc.x86_64                                             23.4-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ptex-libs.x86_64                                          2.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                            20230614-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
pugixml.x86_64                                            1.13-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                      16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                    16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                   16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                              1.9.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pypy.x86_64                                               7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pypy-libs.x86_64                                          7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pystring.x86_64                                           1.1.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-launcher.x86_64                                    1.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                   22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                              5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                            62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                 3.11-6.fc37                          @updates                                   
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                 235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python-unversioned-command.noarch                         3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3.x86_64                                            3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-GitPython.noarch                                  3.1.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-LibAppArmor.x86_64                                3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-ROPGadget.noarch                                  7.2-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-abrt.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                                 2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-apparmor.noarch                                   3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-appdirs.noarch                                    1.4.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-argcomplete.noarch                                2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-audit.x86_64                                      3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-augeas.noarch                                     1.1.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-authlib.noarch                                    1.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-babel.noarch                                      2.10.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                     3.2.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-beaker.noarch                                     1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                             4.12.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-blivet.noarch                                     1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                     0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-brotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bugzilla.noarch                                   3.2.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-cachetools.noarch                                 5.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cairo.x86_64                                      1.21.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-capstone.x86_64                                   4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cccolutils.x86_64                                 1.5-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-certifi.noarch                                    2021.10.8-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
python3-cffi.x86_64                                       1.15.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-chardet.noarch                                    5.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                         2.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-click.noarch                                      8.1.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-colored-traceback.noarch                          0.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-conda.noarch                                      4.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-conda-package-handling.x86_64                     1.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-configobj.noarch                                  5.0.6-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-construct.noarch                                  2.10.68-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                                    8.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-crypto.x86_64                                     2.6.1-41.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cryptography.x86_64                               37.0.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cssselect.noarch                                  1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cups.x86_64                                       2.0.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cytoolz.x86_64                                    0.11.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-dasbus.noarch                                     1.6-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-dateutil.noarch                                   1:2.8.2-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-dbus.x86_64                                       1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-decorator.noarch                                  5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-distro.noarch                                     1.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-dnf.noarch                                        4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                           4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch                  4.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-dns.noarch                                        2.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-enchant.noarch                                    3.2.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-evdev.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-fedora.noarch                                     1.1.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-file-magic.noarch                                 5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-filelock.noarch                                   3.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-firewall.noarch                                   1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-frozendict.noarch                                 1.2-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-gitdb.noarch                                      4.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-gobject.x86_64                                    3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                               3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                        3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gpg.x86_64                                        1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                     1.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-humanize.noarch                                   3.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-idna.noarch                                       3.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-intervaltree.noarch                               3.1.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-jinja2.noarch                                     3.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-kerberos.x86_64                                   1.3.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-kickstart.noarch                                  3.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-kitchen.noarch                                    1.2.6-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-koji.noarch                                       1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-langtable.noarch                                  0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-ldb.x86_64                                        2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                   0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                                2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libreport.x86_64                                  2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-libs.x86_64                                       3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                 3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                                3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                    2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lockfile.noarch                                   1:0.12.2-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-louis.noarch                                      3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lxml.x86_64                                       4.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-mako.noarch                                       1.1.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                 2.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-meh.noarch                                        0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                    0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-moddb.noarch                                      0.8.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-munch.noarch                                      2.5.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-mutagen.noarch                                    1.45.1-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-newt.x86_64                                       0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-nftables.x86_64                                   1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-notify2.noarch                                    0.3.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-numpy.x86_64                                      1:1.24.3-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-olefile.noarch                                    0.46-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-openidc-client.noarch                             0.6.0-17.20220119git0e2ed81.fc37     @fedora                                    
python3-packaging.noarch                                  21.3-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-paramiko.noarch                                   2.12.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-paste.noarch                                      3.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pexpect.noarch                                    4.8.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pid.noarch                                        2.2.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pillow.x86_64                                     9.2.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pip.noarch                                        22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-plumbum.noarch                                    1.7.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ply.noarch                                        3.11-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                            3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-productmd.noarch                                  1.35-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-progressbar2.noarch                               3.53.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-protobuf.x86_64                                   3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-psutil.x86_64                                     5.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                 0.6.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pwntools.noarch                                   4.8.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                  21.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                     0.4.8-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                    2.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pybeam.noarch                                     0.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pycosat.x86_64                                    0.6.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pycparser.noarch                                  2.20-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                              3.17.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                     7.45.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyelftools.noarch                                 0.29-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                     1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pygments.noarch                                   2.12.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                     1.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                  3.0.9-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                   1:3.12.0-6.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-pypresence.noarch                                 4.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                  12.11.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-pyrate-limiter.noarch                             2.10.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyroute2.noarch                                   0.6.12-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyserial.noarch                                   3.5-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pyside2.x86_64                                    1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                                    1.7.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pytz.noarch                                       2023.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyudev.noarch                                     0.23.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyusb.noarch                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                      0.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                     6.0-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-qt5.x86_64                                        5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                   5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-regex.x86_64                                      2022.10.31-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
python3-reportlab.noarch                                  4.0.4-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-requests.noarch                                   2.28.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-requests-file.noarch                              1.5.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                               0.3.1-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                            1.2.3-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-kerberos.noarch                          0.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-rpkg.noarch                                       1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                        4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                                0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-rpyc.noarch                                       5.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ruamel-yaml.noarch                                0.17.26-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                           0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-samba.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                   2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-scour.noarch                                      0.38.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-setools.x86_64                                    4.4.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                               1.2.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setuptools.noarch                                 62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-shiboken2.x86_64                                  1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                                1.0.4-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-simpleline.noarch                                 1.9.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-six.noarch                                        1.16.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-smmap.noarch                                      5.0.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-sortedcontainers.noarch                           2.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                  2.3.2.post1-7.fc37                   @fedora                                    
python3-speechd.x86_64                                    0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-steam.noarch                                      1.4.4-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-systemd.x86_64                                    235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-talloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tempita.noarch                                    0.5.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                       1.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-tevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                    3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-tldextract.noarch                                 3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-toml.noarch                                       0.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tomli.noarch                                      2.0.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tomli-w.noarch                                    1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-toolz.noarch                                      0.11.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tqdm.noarch                                       4.65.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                                    1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unicorn.x86_64                                    1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-urllib3.noarch                                    1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                              1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-utils.noarch                                      3.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-vapoursynth.x86_64                                58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
python3-vdf.noarch                                        3.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-websockets.x86_64                                 10.3-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                            2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-yubico.noarch                                     1.3.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-zstandard.x86_64                                  0.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-zstd.x86_64                                       1.4.5.1-8.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3.10.x86_64                                         3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-tkinter.x86_64                                 3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qbittorrent.x86_64                                        1:4.5.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qca-qt5.x86_64                                            2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                       2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qemu-common.x86_64                                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                     2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                 2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                          10.6.3-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                      4.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qt-settings.noarch                                        37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                           5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                         5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                  5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdatavis3d.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                     5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscxml.x86_64                                        5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                          5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                          5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                                    5.15.12-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                       5.212.0-0.75alpha4.fc37              @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5ct.x86_64                                              1.1-16.fc37                          @updates                                   
qt5pas.x86_64                                             2.6-2020601.fc37                     @updates                                   
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                         6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                          6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                        6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                                 6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
quota.x86_64                                              1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
quota-nls.noarch                                          1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
raptor2.x86_64                                            2.0.15-34.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rasqal.x86_64                                             0.9.33-19.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rav1e-libs.i686                                           0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                         0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                                      2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
re2.x86_64                                                1:20220601-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
readline.i686                                             8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
readline.x86_64                                           8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
realmd.x86_64                                             0.17.0-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
realtek-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
redhat-menus.noarch                                       12.0.2-22.fc37                       @fedora                                    
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                                  229-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
redland.x86_64                                            1.0.17-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rest.x86_64                                               0.9.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rest0.7.x86_64                                            0.8.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rhythmbox.x86_64                                          3.4.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rocm-cmake.x86_64                                         0.8.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-core.x86_64                                          5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-device-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime.x86_64                                   5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime-devel.x86_64                             5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-language-runtime.x86_64                              5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-llvm.x86_64                                          15.0.0.23045.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-meta.x86_64                                          5.4.1-9.copr.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
rocm-ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl.x86_64                                        2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl-runtime.x86_64                                5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocminfo.x86_64                                           1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rootfiles.noarch                                          8.1-32.fc37                          @fedora                                    
rpkg-common.noarch                                        1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
rpm.x86_64                                                4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build.x86_64                                          4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                     4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                           4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                 4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                         4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmdevtools.noarch                                        9.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                      37-4.fc37                            @rpmfusion-free                            
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                             37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch                   37-3.fc37                            @rpmfusion-nonfree                         
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                          37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmlint.noarch                                            2.4.0-6.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmlint-fedora-license-data.noarch                        1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
rsync.x86_64                                              3.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rtkit.x86_64                                              0.11-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rubberband.x86_64                                         3.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ruby.x86_64                                               3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-default-gems.noarch                                  3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-libs.x86_64                                          3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                                 3.1.1-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                    2.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                                 0.5.11-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-json.x86_64                                       2.6.3-200.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                      4.0.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                       6.4.0-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygems.noarch                                           3.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubypick.noarch                                           1.1.1-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                   24-2.fc37                            @updates                                   
sac.noarch                                                1.3-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
samba.x86_64                                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common.noarch                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-tools.x86_64                                 2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                             2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-libs.x86_64                                         2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-tools.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
sane-airscan.x86_64                                       0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sane-backends.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                        1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                       1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                     1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.i686                                   1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
satyr.x86_64                                              0.42-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
schroedinger.x86_64                                       1.0.11-27.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sed.x86_64                                                4.8-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
selinux-policy.noarch                                     37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                            37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
serd.i686                                                 0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
serd.x86_64                                               0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
setup.noarch                                              2.14.1-14.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
setxkbmap.x86_64                                          1.3.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                     1.46-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sgml-common.noarch                                        0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sgpio.x86_64                                              1.2.0.10-31.fc37                     @fedora                                    
shadow-utils.x86_64                                       2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                 2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                   2.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
shim-ia32.x86_64                                          15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
shim-x64.x86_64                                           15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
signon.x86_64                                             8.60-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                               0.24-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
signon-ui.x86_64                                          0.15-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                                  1.100-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                    2.200-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                   3.003-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
simple-scan.x86_64                                        42.5-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
slang.x86_64                                              2.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
slirp4netns.x86_64                                        1.2.0-8.fc37                         @updates                                   
snap-confine.x86_64                                       2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd.x86_64                                              2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd-selinux.noarch                                      2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snappy.x86_64                                             1.1.9-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sombok.x86_64                                             2.4.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sord.i686                                                 0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sord.x86_64                                               0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sos.noarch                                                4.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                            0.8-18.fc37                          @fedora                                    
soundtouch.i686                                           2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
soundtouch.x86_64                                         2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
source-highlight.x86_64                                   3.1.9-15.fc37                        @updates                                   
soxr.i686                                                 0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
soxr.x86_64                                               0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.i686                                               1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.x86_64                                             1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                  0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                        0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speex.i686                                                1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speex.x86_64                                              1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speexdsp.x86_64                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
spice-server.x86_64                                       0.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                      0.22.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                      3.0-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.i686                                     2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                   2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sqlite-libs.i686                                          3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                        3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                     4.5.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sratom.i686                                               0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sratom.x86_64                                             0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
srecord.x86_64                                            1.64-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
srt-libs.i686                                             1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
srt-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sshpass.x86_64                                            1.09-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sssd.x86_64                                               2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ad.x86_64                                            2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-client.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                    2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                         2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
startup-notification.x86_64                               0.12-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
steam.i686                                                1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steam-devices.i686                                        1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steghide.x86_64                                           0.5.1-45.fc37                        @fedora                                    
stix-fonts.noarch                                         2.13b171-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
stoken-libs.x86_64                                        0.92-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
subversion.x86_64                                         1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
subversion-libs.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
sudo.x86_64                                               1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                 1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
suitesparse.x86_64                                        5.10.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
supergfxctl.x86_64                                        5.0.1-3                              @nobara-baseos                             
sushi.x86_64                                              43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                       1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                 2.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
symlinks.x86_64                                           1.7-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
syslinux.x86_64                                           6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                         6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                              3.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
system-config-language.noarch                             3.5.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd.x86_64                                            251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-container.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.i686                                         251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-pam.x86_64                                        251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                                 251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-udev.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemtap.x86_64                                          4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-client.x86_64                                   4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-devel.x86_64                                    4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                                  4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                                4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
taglib.i686                                               1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
taglib.x86_64                                             1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tar.x86_64                                                2:1.34-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
tbb.x86_64                                                2020.3-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
tcl.x86_64                                                1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.i686                                    7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                  7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcpdump.x86_64                                            14:4.99.4-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
tdb-tools.x86_64                                          1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
teamd.x86_64                                              1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
terminator.noarch                                         2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tesseract.x86_64                                          5.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
texlive-lib.x86_64                                        9:20210325-54.fc37                   @updates                                   
text-engine.x86_64                                        0.1.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                         0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                          0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thermald.x86_64                                           2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
tigervnc-license.noarch                                   1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                            1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
time.x86_64                                               1.9-19.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tinyxml.x86_64                                            2.6.2-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tinyxml2.x86_64                                           7.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tk.x86_64                                                 1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tmux.x86_64                                               3.3a-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
toolbox.x86_64                                            0.0.99.4-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
totem.x86_64                                              1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                    3.26.6-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                            1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
touchegg.x86_64                                           2.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                         5.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                           3.2.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
traceroute.x86_64                                         3:2.1.2-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
tracker.x86_64                                            3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tracker-miners.x86_64                                     3.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tree.x86_64                                               2.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
trousers-lib.x86_64                                       0.3.15-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tslib.x86_64                                              1.22-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                           3.0.9-66.fc37                        @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.i686                                         0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.x86_64                                       0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tzdata.noarch                                             2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tzdata-java.noarch                                        2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
uchardet.x86_64                                           0.0.6-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
udisks2.x86_64                                            2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                      2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                     1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unbound-libs.x86_64                                       1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unicode-ucd.noarch                                        15.0.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unicorn.x86_64                                            1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unixODBC.i686                                             2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unixODBC.x86_64                                           2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unrar.x86_64                                              6.2.8-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
unzip.x86_64                                              6.0-58.fc37                          @fedora                                    
upower.x86_64                                             0.99.20-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
uresourced.x86_64                                         0.5.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
uriparser.x86_64                                          0.9.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                           20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                          20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                   20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                    20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                     2.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                                20191128-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
usbmuxd.x86_64                                            1.1.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usbutils.x86_64                                           015-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
usd-libs.x86_64                                           22.05b-25.fc37                       @updates                                   
usermode.x86_64                                           1.114-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                      0.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
utf8proc.x86_64                                           2.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
util-linux.x86_64                                         2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
util-linux-core.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
valgrind.x86_64                                           1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                     1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                                    2.9.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                                   58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-tools.x86_64                                  58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                                 33.003-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
velocity.noarch                                           1.7-39.fc37                          @fedora                                    
vid.stab.i686                                             1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vid.stab.x86_64                                           1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vim-common.x86_64                                         2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-data.noarch                                           2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-filesystem.noarch                                     2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-minimal.x86_64                                        2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                         7.0.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
vkBasalt.i686                                             0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vkBasalt.x86_64                                           0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vlc.x86_64                                                1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vlc-core.x86_64                                           1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vmaf-models.noarch                                        2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vo-amrwbenc.i686                                          0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                        0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
voikko-fi.noarch                                          2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                    0.3.12-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
vpnc.x86_64                                               0.5.3-44.svn550.fc37                 @fedora                                    
vpnc-script.noarch                                        20220509-2.gite52f8e66.fc37          @fedora                                    
vte-profile.x86_64                                        0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vte291.x86_64                                             0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vulkan-loader.i686                                        1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                      1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                       1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
w3m.x86_64                                                0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
w3m-img.x86_64                                            0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
wavpack.i686                                              5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wavpack.x86_64                                            5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                              5-18.fc37                            @fedora                                    
webapp-manager.noarch                                     master.mint21-1.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                       2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                 0.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                              0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                            0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wget.x86_64                                               1.21.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
which.x86_64                                              2.21-39.fc37                         @updates                                   
whois.x86_64                                              5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
whois-nls.noarch                                          5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wine-staging-common.i686                                  1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
wine-staging64.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winehq-staging.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winetricks.noarch                                         20230421-1.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
wireless-regdb.noarch                                     2022.06.06-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
wireplumber.x86_64                                        0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireshark.x86_64                                          1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                      1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wlroots.x86_64                                            0.16.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
wmctrl.x86_64                                             1.07-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
woff2.x86_64                                              1.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
words.noarch                                              3.0-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                     1:2.10-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                     1.14.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
x264-libs.i686                                            0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x264-libs.x86_64                                          0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x265-libs.i686                                            3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
x265-libs.x86_64                                          3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.22-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xapps.x86_64                                              2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xcb-util.x86_64                                           0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                                    0.1.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                     0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                   0.4.0-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                                0.3.9-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                        0.4.1-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                     0.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                 1.15.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                           43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                             1.14.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                      0.18-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                  0.11-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-utils.noarch                                          1.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                           1.3.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xerces-c.x86_64                                           3.2.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xfsprogs.x86_64                                           6.1.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
xhost.x86_64                                              1.0.8-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xisxwayland.x86_64                                        1-4.fc37                             @fedora                                    
xkbcomp.x86_64                                            1.4.5-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                   2.36-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
xml-common.noarch                                         0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                           1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                    1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlsec1.x86_64                                            1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                        1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                    1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmodmap.x86_64                                            1.0.11-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                                23.0.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                   19.1.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                 2.10.6-12.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                 0.5.0-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                 2.99.917-54.20210115.fc37            @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                              1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                               1:1.0.17-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                            0.6.400-4.20210215git5dbad06.fc37    @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                   0.1.5-20.fc35                        @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                  2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                                13.2.1-16.fc35                       @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                 1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                  1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                    7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                               7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                               2022.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                               1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                           22.1.9-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                     1:1.1.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                     1.4.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xprop.x86_64                                              1.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrandr.x86_64                                             1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrdb.x86_64                                               1.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xvidcore.i686                                             1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xvidcore.x86_64                                           1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xwininfo.x86_64                                           1.1.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xxd.x86_64                                                2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                        0.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xz.x86_64                                                 5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-devel.x86_64                                           5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.i686                                              5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
yajl.x86_64                                               2.1.0-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                           0.6.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
yarnpkg.noarch                                            1.22.19-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
yelp.x86_64                                               2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-libs.x86_64                                          2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-xsl.noarch                                           42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ykpers.x86_64                                             1.20.0-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
yt-dlp.noarch                                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yum.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                        1.3.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                    1.5-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zenity.x86_64                                             3.44.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
zeromq.x86_64                                             4.3.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.i686                                                 3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.x86_64                                               3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zip.x86_64                                                3.0-33.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zlib.i686                                                 1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib.x86_64                                               1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib-devel.x86_64                                         1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zoom.x86_64                                               5.14.10.3738-1                       @System                                    
zram-generator.x86_64                                     1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                            1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zstd.x86_64                                               1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zvbi.i686                                                 0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zvbi.x86_64                                               0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                          1.2.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
---- YUM Packages ----
Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                              2.4.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
CharLS.x86_64                                             2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
GConf2.x86_64                                             3.2.6-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ImageMagick.x86_64                                        1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                                    1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
LibRaw.x86_64                                             0.20.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
ModemManager.x86_64                                       1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                  1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
NetworkManager.x86_64                                     1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch          1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                               1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                         1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                             1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                       1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                                1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                                 1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                           1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                                1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                        2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                        2.4.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
PackageKit.x86_64                                         1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                                     1.0.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                       1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                    1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                        1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                             1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
SDL2.i686                                                 2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
SDL2.x86_64                                               2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
SuperLU.x86_64                                            5.3.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
VirtualBox-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.6_155176_fedora36-1              @System                                    
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                            3.101-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
aalib-libs.x86_64                                         1.4.0-0.44.rc5.fc37                  @fedora                                    
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                       1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                            0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                         0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abrt.x86_64                                               2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-cli.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                      2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                                1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abrt-libs.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-tui.noarch                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                         20220623.1-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                                0.7-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
accountsservice.x86_64                                    22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                               22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
acl.x86_64                                                2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adcli.x86_64                                              0.9.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                                20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                     20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                 20190401-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                        2.030.1.050-13.fc37                  @fedora                                    
adw-gtk3.x86_64                                           4.8-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                               43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                 43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
akmods.noarch                                             0.5.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
alembic-libs.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.i686                                             1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.x86_64                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                            1.2.7.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                  2.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-ucm.noarch                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-utils.x86_64                                         1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alternatives.x86_64                                       1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
anaconda-core.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                          37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-live.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                 26.2-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                   37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
android-tools.x86_64                                      1:33.0.3p1-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
annobin-docs.noarch                                       12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                 12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                                1-10.fc37                            @updates                                   
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                      1.0.0.20211224-7.fc37                @fedora                                    
antiword.x86_64                                           0.37-34.fc37                         @fedora                                    
apache-commons-collections.noarch                         3.2.2-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                               3.12.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apparmor-libs.x86_64                                      3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-parser.x86_64                                    3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-profiles.noarch                                  3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-utils.x86_64                                     3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
appstream.x86_64                                          0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
appstream-data.noarch                                     37-7.fc37                            @updates                                   
appstream-qt.x86_64                                       0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
apr.x86_64                                                1.7.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util.x86_64                                           1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                       1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                   1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
arj.x86_64                                                3.10.22-37.fc37                      @fedora                                    
armadillo.x86_64                                          10.8.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
arpack.x86_64                                             3.8.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
aspell.x86_64                                             12:0.60.8-10.fc37                    @fedora                                    
aspell-en.x86_64                                          50:2020.12.07-6.fc37                 @fedora                                    
aspnetcore-runtime-7.0.x86_64                             7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                      7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
assimp.x86_64                                             5.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.i686                                          2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                        2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.i686                                         2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                       2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atheros-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
atk.i686                                                  2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atk.x86_64                                                2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atkmm.x86_64                                              2.28.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atmel-firmware.noarch                                     1.3-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
attr.x86_64                                               2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
audit.x86_64                                              3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
audit-libs.x86_64                                         3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
augeas-libs.x86_64                                        1.13.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
authselect.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
authselect-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
autocorr-en.noarch                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
avahi.x86_64                                              0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-glib.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                      0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.i686                                           0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-tools.x86_64                                        0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                       019-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                       5.2-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
babl.x86_64                                               0.1.92-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
baobab.x86_64                                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
basesystem.noarch                                         11-14.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bash.x86_64                                               5.2.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bash-completion.noarch                                    1:2.11-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bc.x86_64                                                 1.07.1-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
bcache-tools.x86_64                                       1.1-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bind-libs.x86_64                                          32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-license.noarch                                       32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-utils.x86_64                                         32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
binutils.x86_64                                           2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binutils-gold.x86_64                                      2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binwalk.noarch                                            2.3.3-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
bison.x86_64                                              3.8.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
blender.x86_64                                            1:3.5.1-1.fc37                       @nobara-appstream                          
blivet-data.noarch                                        1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                 2.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
blosc.x86_64                                              1.21.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bluez.x86_64                                              5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-cups.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.i686                                           5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                        5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bodhi-client.noarch                                       7.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bolt.x86_64                                               0.9.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
boost-atomic.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-chrono.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-date-time.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                   1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-locale.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-python3.x86_64                                      1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-regex.x86_64                                        1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-system.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-thread.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bouncycastle.noarch                                       1.70-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
brasero-libs.x86_64                                       3.12.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                                  5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
brlapi.x86_64                                             0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
brltty.x86_64                                             6.5-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                        6.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bubblewrap.x86_64                                         0.5.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
bzip2.x86_64                                              1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.i686                                           1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                         1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
c-ares.x86_64                                             1.19.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ca-certificates.noarch                                    2023.2.60-1.0.fc37                   @updates                                   
cabextract.x86_64                                         1.9.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
caca-utils.x86_64                                         0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
cairo.i686                                                1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo.x86_64                                              1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.i686                                        1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                      1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairomm.x86_64                                            1.14.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
capstone.x86_64                                           4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
catatonit.x86_64                                          0.1.7-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
catimg.x86_64                                             2.7.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                      10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                    10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cfitsio.x86_64                                            4.0.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
checkpolicy.x86_64                                        3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cheese.x86_64                                             2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
cheese-libs.x86_64                                        2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
chkconfig.x86_64                                          1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
chmlib.x86_64                                             0.40-27.fc37                         @fedora                                    
chrony.x86_64                                             4.3-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                         7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cjson.x86_64                                              1.7.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang.x86_64                                              15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-libs.x86_64                                         15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang13-libs.x86_64                                       13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang13-resource-filesystem.x86_64                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                              1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                          1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                               2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clucene-core.x86_64                                       2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clutter.x86_64                                            1.26.4-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                       3.0.27-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                        1.8.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                   3.26.4-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
cmrt.x86_64                                               1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
code.x86_64                                               1.80.2-1690491680.el7                @code                                      
cogl.x86_64                                               1.22.8-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
color-filesystem.noarch                                   1-29.fc37                            @fedora                                    
colord.x86_64                                             1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                        0.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.i686                                          1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.x86_64                                        1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
comgr.x86_64                                              2.4.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                     4.4.4-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                    5.1.5-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
compiler-rt.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
compsize.x86_64                                           1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
conmon.x86_64                                             2:2.1.7-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
container-selinux.noarch                                  2:2.219.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
containers-common.noarch                                  4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
containers-common-extra.noarch                            4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                   4.1-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
coreutils.x86_64                                          9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
coreutils-common.x86_64                                   9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
cpio.x86_64                                               2.13-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cpp.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
cracklib.x86_64                                           2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                     2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
createrepo_c.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
criu.x86_64                                               3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
criu-libs.x86_64                                          3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
crun.x86_64                                               1.8.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
crypto-policies.noarch                                    20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                            20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
cryptsetup.x86_64                                         2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ctags.x86_64                                              6.0.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cuda-nvcc.x86_64                                          1:12.0.76-1.fc37                     @nobara-appstream                          
cups.x86_64                                               1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-client.x86_64                                        1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filesystem.noarch                                    1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters.x86_64                                       1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                               1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                  1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                       1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.i686                                            1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.x86_64                                          1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                     0.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
curl.x86_64                                               7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
custom-device-pollrates.x86_64                            1.0.0-7.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
cxl-libs.x86_64                                           77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                  2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                       2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                     2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                   2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dash.x86_64                                               0.5.11.5-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                        77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus.x86_64                                               1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-broker.x86_64                                        33-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus-common.noarch                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                          0.112-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dbus-libs.i686                                            1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-tools.x86_64                                         1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-x11.x86_64                                           1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                       0.9.3-0.29.20160218.fc37             @fedora                                    
dcmtk.x86_64                                              3.6.7-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dconf.i686                                                0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf.x86_64                                              0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf-editor.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
debugedit.x86_64                                          5.0-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
dee.x86_64                                                1.2.7-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
default-editor.noarch                                     6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                  2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                             2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                 2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
deltarpm.x86_64                                           3.6.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                          37.0.0-11.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                 0.26-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
device-mapper.x86_64                                      1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                           1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                 1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                      0.9.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
devscripts-checkbashisms.x86_64                           2.22.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dhcp-client.x86_64                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dhcp-common.noarch                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
diffstat.x86_64                                           1.64-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
diffutils.x86_64                                          3.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
discord.x86_64                                            0.0.28-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                              1.89-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                     3.5.28-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                              0.3.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-core.x86_64                                        0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                    0.6.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-server.x86_64                                      0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dmidecode.x86_64                                          1:3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dmraid.x86_64                                             1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-events.x86_64                                      1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dnf.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-data.noarch                                           4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                   4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-utils.noarch                                          4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnsmasq.x86_64                                            2.89-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
docbook-dtds.noarch                                       1.0-80.fc37                          @fedora                                    
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                                  1.79.2-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
dos2unix.x86_64                                           7.4.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dosfstools.x86_64                                         4.2-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dotconf.x86_64                                            1.3-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dotnet-apphost-pack-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-host.x86_64                                        7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-hostfxr-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-runtime-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-sdk-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
dotnet-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                          7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-templates-7.0.x86_64                               7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
double-conversion.x86_64                                  3.1.5-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
doxygen.x86_64                                            2:1.9.5-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
draco.x86_64                                              1.5.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dracut.x86_64                                             059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                               059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-live.x86_64                                        059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-network.x86_64                                     059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-squash.x86_64                                      059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
drpm.x86_64                                               0.5.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
duktape.x86_64                                            2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dwz.x86_64                                                0.14-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dyninst.x86_64                                            12.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                          1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                                   0.2.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ed.x86_64                                                 1.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                                  0.12.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
efi-filesystem.noarch                                     5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efibootmgr.x86_64                                         18-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
efivar-libs.x86_64                                        38-6.fc37                            @updates                                   
egl-gbm.x86_64                                            1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
egl-wayland.x86_64                                        1.1.12-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
elfutils.x86_64                                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                         0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64                   0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                     0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.i686                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                    0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                              0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.i686                                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                   1:28.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
embree.x86_64                                             3.13.5-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
enchant.x86_64                                            1:1.6.0-31.fc37                      @fedora                                    
enchant2.x86_64                                           2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
enchant2-aspell.x86_64                                    2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
eog.x86_64                                                43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                                   1:43.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
espeak-ng.x86_64                                          1.51.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ethtool.x86_64                                            2:6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
evince.x86_64                                             43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-djvu.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-libs.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-previewer.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                 43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evolution-data-server.x86_64                              3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                    3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
exempi.x86_64                                             2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
exfatprogs.x86_64                                         1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
exiv2.x86_64                                              0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
expat.i686                                                2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
expat.x86_64                                              2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
faad2-libs.i686                                           1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
faad2-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
fakeroot.x86_64                                           1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                      1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fdk-aac-free.i686                                         2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                       2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                             3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                       3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gssapi.noarch                      3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                              1-3.fc37                             @fedora                                    
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-packager.noarch                                    0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-packager-kerberos.noarch                           0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-repos.noarch                                       37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-third-party.noarch                                 0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                     1.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fedpkg.noarch                                             1.44-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
ffmpeg.x86_64                                             5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.i686                                          5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                   3.3.10-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
file.x86_64                                               5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-libs.x86_64                                          5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-roller.x86_64                                        43.0-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
filesystem.x86_64                                         3.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
findutils.x86_64                                          1:4.9.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
firebird.x86_64                                           4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firebird-utils.x86_64                                     4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firefox.x86_64                                            114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                                  114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firewalld.noarch                                          1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                               1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
flac-libs.i686                                            1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flac-libs.x86_64                                          1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flashrom.x86_64                                           1.2-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
flatpak.x86_64                                            1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                       1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                    1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                             1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flex.x86_64                                               2.6.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
flexiblas.x86_64                                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                   3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                                 3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                        3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                             3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                                    2.3.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
flute.noarch                                              1.3.0-30.OOo31.fc37                  @fedora                                    
fmt.i686                                                  9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fmt.x86_64                                                9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
folks.x86_64                                              1:0.15.6-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
fontconfig.i686                                           2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fontconfig.x86_64                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                   1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                  1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic.x86_64                                           4.0.13-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic-db.noarch                                        4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                             4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                                   4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foremost.x86_64                                           1.5.7-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fpaste.noarch                                             0.4.3.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.3-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fprintd.x86_64                                            1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                        1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
freeglut.x86_64                                           3.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
freeipmi.x86_64                                           1.6.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                       2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
freetype.i686                                             2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freetype.x86_64                                           2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freexl.x86_64                                             1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fribidi.i686                                              1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fribidi.x86_64                                            1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fros.noarch                                               1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fros-gnome.noarch                                         1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fstrm.x86_64                                              0.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fuse.x86_64                                               2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-common.x86_64                                        3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-libs.x86_64                                          2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                     1.12-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fuse3.x86_64                                              3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                         3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fwupd.x86_64                                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                          1.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                         1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                     1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
game-music-emu.x86_64                                     0.6.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gamemode.i686                                             1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamemode.x86_64                                           1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamescope.x86_64                                          3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gamescope-libs.x86_64                                     3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gavl.x86_64                                               1.4.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gawk.x86_64                                               5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                 5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gc.x86_64                                                 8.0.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gcc.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-c++.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                     12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                 12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcr.x86_64                                                3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr-libs.x86_64                                           3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3.x86_64                                               3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3-base.x86_64                                          3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gd.i686                                                   2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gd.x86_64                                                 2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gdal-libs.x86_64                                          3.5.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdb.x86_64                                                13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdb-headless.x86_64                                       13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdbm-libs.i686                                            1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdcm.x86_64                                               3.0.21-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
gdisk.x86_64                                              1.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                          2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                        2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                                  2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                                2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                                   2.40.2-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdm.x86_64                                                1:43.0-4.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                              10.24-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gedit.x86_64                                              2:43~alpha-4.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
gegl04.x86_64                                             0.4.44-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
geoclue2.x86_64                                           2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                      2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geocode-glib.x86_64                                       3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                                  3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                      3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geolite2-city.noarch                                      20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geolite2-country.noarch                                   20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geos.x86_64                                               3.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gettext.x86_64                                            0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                                   0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-runtime.x86_64                                    0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gfbgraph.x86_64                                           0.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gh.x86_64                                                 2.30.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghc-base.x86_64                                           4.14.3.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                                    
ghc-mountpoints.x86_64                                    1.0.2-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ghostscript.x86_64                                        9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                            9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                         9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
giflib.x86_64                                             5.2.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
git-core.x86_64                                           2.41.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gjs.x86_64                                                1.74.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
glfw.i686                                                 1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glfw.x86_64                                               1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glib-networking.i686                                      2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib-networking.x86_64                                    2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib2.i686                                                2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2.x86_64                                              2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2-devel.x86_64                                        2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glibc.i686                                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc.x86_64                                              2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-common.x86_64                                       2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-devel.x86_64                                        2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                    2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                          2.66.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glx-utils.x86_64                                          8.4.0-14.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc37     @fedora                                    
gmp.i686                                                  1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gmp.x86_64                                                1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5-1.fc37                             @updates                                   
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                         1.4.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                       0.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                    1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                            42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                   43.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                     43.1-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-characters.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-classic-session.noarch                              43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                                3.36.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-connections.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                     43.0-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-control-center.x86_64                               43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                    43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                 43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-extension-manager.x86_64                            0.4.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                                   3.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                                43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                      42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                  42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-logs.x86_64                                         43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-maps.x86_64                                         43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-menus.x86_64                                        3.36.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                              3.46.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                                3.34.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                  
gnome-photos.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                               43.4-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-session.x86_64                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                              43.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell.x86_64                                        43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch                 46-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                    43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-arc-menu.noarch                     33-16.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch              43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-blur-my-shell.noarch                44-4.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-clipboard-history.noarch            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                       43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-custom-accent-colors.noarch         6-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-panel.noarch                56-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch                47.0.2-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-gamemode.noarch                     8-3.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch          43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell.noarch                    1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell-shortcut-overrides.noarch 1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-quick-settings-tweaker.noarch       1.15-2.git.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-supergfxctl-gex.noarch              5.0.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-wireless-hid.noarch                 8-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-nobara-theming.noarch                         1-11.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-software.x86_64                                     43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                               42.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                     3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                            3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                                  43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-tour.x86_64                                         43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                       42~beta-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                    43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-user-share.x86_64                                   43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-video-effects.noarch                                0.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-weather.noarch                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnupg2.x86_64                                             2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.i686                                               3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.x86_64                                             3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                     3.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gobject-introspection.x86_64                              1.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gom.x86_64                                                0.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
google-benchmark.x86_64                                   1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                               1.103-0.19.20130920.fc37             @fedora                                    
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                            20200215-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                       20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                      20220916-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                           20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                     20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                        20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                          20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
goverlay.x86_64                                           0.9.1-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gpgme.x86_64                                              1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                            1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpm-libs.x86_64                                           1.20.7-41.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphene.i686                                             1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphene.x86_64                                           1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphite2.i686                                            1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphite2.x86_64                                          1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphviz.x86_64                                           5.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
grep.x86_64                                               3.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
grilo.x86_64                                              0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                      0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
groff-base.x86_64                                         1.22.4-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
grub2-common.noarch                                       1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                     1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                              1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                      1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                               1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc.x86_64                                           1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                   1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools.x86_64                                        1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                    1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                  1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grubby.x86_64                                             8.40-66.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                          43.0-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gsl.x86_64                                                2.6-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gsm.i686                                                  1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsm.x86_64                                                1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsound.x86_64                                             1.0.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gspell.x86_64                                             1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gssdp.i686                                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gssdp.x86_64                                              1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gstreamer1.i686                                           1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1.x86_64                                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.i686                              1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                            1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                         1.20.3-3.fc37                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                          1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.i686                     1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64                   1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.i686                              1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                            1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-vaapi.x86_64                                   1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                              3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                           1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gtk2.i686                                                 2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2.x86_64                                               2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                       2.20.2-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gtk3.i686                                                 3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk3.x86_64                                               3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk4.x86_64                                               4.8.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                           3.24.7-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                     4.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                     5.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gts.x86_64                                                0.7.6-42.20121130.fc37               @fedora                                    
guile22.x86_64                                            2.2.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp.i686                                                1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp.x86_64                                              1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp-av.x86_64                                           0.14.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                         0.12.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.i686                                            1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                          1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint.x86_64                                         5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvfs.x86_64                                               1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-client.x86_64                                        1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvnc.x86_64                                               1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvncpulse.x86_64                                          1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gzip.x86_64                                               1.12-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.i686                                             5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.x86_64                                           5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                       5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat.x86_64                                            6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat-doc.noarch                                        6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hddtemp.x86_64                                            0.3-0.51.beta15.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hdf-libs.x86_64                                           4.2.15-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hdf5.x86_64                                               1.12.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hexedit.x86_64                                            1.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                      540.1.linux3-27.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                 0.17-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                            3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highway.i686                                              1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
highway.x86_64                                            1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hip-devel.x86_64                                          5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-doc.x86_64                                            5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-runtime-amd.x86_64                                    5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-samples.x86_64                                        5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hipify-clang.x86_64                                       15.0.0.50403-121.el9                 @nobara-rocm-official                      
hostname.x86_64                                           3.23-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
hplip.x86_64                                              3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-common.x86_64                                       3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-gui.x86_64                                          3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-libs.x86_64                                         3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hsa-rocr.x86_64                                           1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsa-rocr-devel.x86_64                                     1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsakmt-roct-devel.x86_64                                  20221020.0.2.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
hspell.x86_64                                             1.4-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                                   1:1.001-7.20200428git336a529.fc37    @fedora                                    
http-parser.x86_64                                        2.9.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
httpd.x86_64                                              2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-core.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                   2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-tools.x86_64                                        2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hunspell.x86_64                                           1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hunspell-en.noarch                                        0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                                1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hwdata.noarch                                             0.371-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                         2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                     0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                             0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                       0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervvssd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyphen.x86_64                                             2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hyphen-en.noarch                                          2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
i2c-tools.x86_64                                          4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ibus.x86_64                                               1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                         1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                  1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                        1.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                     1.13.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libs.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                          1.4.19-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-setup.noarch                                         1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                                2.23.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                   3.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ilbc.x86_64                                               3.0.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                      1.4-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
imath.x86_64                                              3.1.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
imlib2.x86_64                                             1.7.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
info.x86_64                                               6.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
inih.i686                                                 56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
inih.x86_64                                               56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
iniparser.x86_64                                          4.1-11.fc37                          @updates                                   
initscripts.x86_64                                        10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                          10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-service.noarch                                10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
inkscape.x86_64                                           1.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
inotify-tools.x86_64                                      3.22.1.0-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                       22.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                                 20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
intel-media-driver.x86_64                                 22.5.4-3.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                     22.5.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
inxi.noarch                                               3.3.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ipcalc.x86_64                                             1.0.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ipmitool.x86_64                                           1.8.18-26.fc37                       @fedora                                    
iproute.x86_64                                            5.18.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ipset.x86_64                                              7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ipset-libs.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
iptables-libs.x86_64                                      1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptables-nft.x86_64                                       1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptstate.x86_64                                           2.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iputils.x86_64                                            20221126-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                     20220210-2.git64113751.fc37          @fedora                                    
irrXML.x86_64                                             1.8.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                              6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                     6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                    0.101-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iso-codes.noarch                                          4.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
isomd5sum.x86_64                                          1:1.2.3-17.fc37                      @fedora                                    
iw.x86_64                                                 5.9-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
jansson.x86_64                                            2.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jasper-libs.x86_64                                        3.0.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                                    1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                           1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                            6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javapackages-tools.noarch                                 6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                      0.19-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.i686                                         2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                       2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jemalloc.x86_64                                           5.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
john.x86_64                                               1.8.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                    0.003-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jq.x86_64                                                 1.6-14.fc37                          @fedora                                    
js-jquery.noarch                                          3.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-c.i686                                               0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-c.x86_64                                             0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-glib.i686                                            1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-glib.x86_64                                          1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
jsoncpp.x86_64                                            1.9.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                        1:7.222-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
jwhois.x86_64                                             4.0-68.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                  1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                              22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                                22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kasumi-common.noarch                                      2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                     2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kbd.x86_64                                                2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-legacy.noarch                                         2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-misc.noarch                                           2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                     4-68.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kde-settings.noarch                                       37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kdecoration.x86_64                                        5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kernel.x86_64                                             6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-headers.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1.0-16.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kexec-tools.x86_64                                        2.0.25-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keybinder3.x86_64                                         0.3.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keyutils.x86_64                                           1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.i686                                        1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kf5-attica.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                           5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                      5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                                 5.105.0-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                            5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                           5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                      22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-solid.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-syndication.x86_64                                    1:5.105.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                              5.0-36.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kmod.x86_64                                               30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmod-libs.x86_64                                          30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmodtool.noarch                                           1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
koji.noarch                                               1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kpartx.x86_64                                             0.9.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
krb5-libs.i686                                            1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                          1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                        1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                   1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
ladspa.x86_64                                             1.13-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lame-libs.i686                                            3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lame-libs.x86_64                                          3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                  3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                             3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-en.noarch                                       3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langtable.noarch                                          0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lasi.x86_64                                               1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lato-fonts.noarch                                         2.015-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lcms2.i686                                                2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
lcms2.x86_64                                              2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
leptonica.x86_64                                          1.82.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
less.x86_64                                               633-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libFAudio.i686                                            23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libFAudio.x86_64                                          23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libGLEW.i686                                              2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libGLEW.x86_64                                            2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libICE.i686                                               1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libICE.x86_64                                             1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.i686                                                1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.x86_64                                              1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libX11.i686                                               1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11.x86_64                                             1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-common.noarch                                      1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-devel.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.i686                                           1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                         1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libXScrnSaver.i686                                        1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                      1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.i686                                               1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.x86_64                                             1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXaw.x86_64                                             1.0.14-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.i686                                        0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.x86_64                                      0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.i686                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.x86_64                                         1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.i686                                           1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.x86_64                                         1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdmcp.x86_64                                           1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.i686                                              1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.x86_64                                            1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.i686                                            6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.x86_64                                          6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfont2.x86_64                                          2.0.3-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXft.i686                                               2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXft.x86_64                                             2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXi.i686                                                1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXi.x86_64                                              1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXinerama.i686                                          1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXinerama.x86_64                                        1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXmu.x86_64                                             1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXpm.i686                                               3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpm.x86_64                                             3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpresent.x86_64                                        1.0.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXrandr.i686                                            1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrandr.x86_64                                          1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrender.i686                                           0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXrender.x86_64                                         0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXres.x86_64                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXt.x86_64                                              1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXtst.i686                                              1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXtst.x86_64                                            1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXv.i686                                                1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXv.x86_64                                              1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXvMC.x86_64                                            1.0.12-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                        1.1.5-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.i686                                           1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                         1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.i686                                               0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.x86_64                                             0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libabw.x86_64                                             0.1.3-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                                   1.25-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                                    1.16-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libacl.x86_64                                             2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita.x86_64                                         1.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaec.x86_64                                             1.0.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaio.x86_64                                             0.3.111-14.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libao.x86_64                                              1.2.0-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libaom.i686                                               3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libaom.x86_64                                             3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libappindicator.x86_64                                    12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                               12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                  0.8.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libarchive.x86_64                                         3.6.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libargon2.x86_64                                          20190702-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                        2.3.21-28.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libass.i686                                               0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libass.x86_64                                             0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libassuan.x86_64                                          2.5.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libasyncns.i686                                           0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libasyncns.x86_64                                         0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libatasmart.x86_64                                        0.19-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libatomic.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libatomic.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libattr.i686                                              2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libattr.x86_64                                            2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libavc1394.x86_64                                         0.5.4-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libavdevice.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libavif.i686                                              0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libavif.x86_64                                            0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libb2.x86_64                                              0.98.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                      1.5.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbase.noarch                                            1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                    0.1.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblockdev.x86_64                                        2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libbluray.i686                                            1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbluray.x86_64                                          1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbpf.x86_64                                             2:0.8.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libbrotli.i686                                            1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbrotli.x86_64                                          1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbs2b.x86_64                                            3.1.0-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbsd.x86_64                                             0.11.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                        2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libcaca.x86_64                                            0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
libcanberra.i686                                          0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra.x86_64                                        0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap.i686                                               2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap.x86_64                                             2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap-ng.x86_64                                          0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                  0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcbor.x86_64                                            0.7.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcddb.x86_64                                            1.3.2-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcdio.i686                                              2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio.x86_64                                            2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                   10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libcdr.x86_64                                             0.1.7-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libchamplain.x86_64                                       0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                   0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchromaprint.x86_64                                     1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.i686                                    0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                  0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcmis.x86_64                                            0.5.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcollection.x86_64                                      0.7.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.i686                                           1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.x86_64                                         1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcomps.x86_64                                           0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcue.x86_64                                             2.2.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcurl.i686                                              7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcurl.x86_64                                            7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxx.x86_64                                             15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxxabi.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdaemon.x86_64                                          0.14-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdap.x86_64                                             3.20.10-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdatrie.i686                                            0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdatrie.x86_64                                          0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdav1d.i686                                             1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdav1d.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdazzle.x86_64                                          3.44.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdb.x86_64                                              5.3.28-53.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.i686                                          16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                        16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                     16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdc1394.x86_64                                          2.2.6-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdca.i686                                               0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdca.x86_64                                             0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libde265.i686                                             1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libde265.x86_64                                           1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libdecor.i686                                             0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdecor.x86_64                                           0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdhash.x86_64                                           0.5.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                     2.9.42-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                                    3.9.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmx.x86_64                                             1.1.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdnf.x86_64                                             0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdrm.i686                                               2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libdrm.x86_64                                             2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                       2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                          1.3.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.i686                                            6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.x86_64                                          6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.i686                                           6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.x86_64                                         6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libe-book.x86_64                                          0.1.3-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libebml.x86_64                                            1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libeconf.x86_64                                           0.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libedit.i686                                              3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libedit.x86_64                                            3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libeot.x86_64                                             0.01-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libepoxy.i686                                             1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepoxy.x86_64                                           1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepubgen.x86_64                                         0.1.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                            1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                            2:1.07.6-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                          2:20230625-151.fc37                  @updates                                   
libetonyek.x86_64                                         0.1.10-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevdev.x86_64                                           1.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.i686                                             2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.x86_64                                           2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.i686                                              0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.x86_64                                            0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexttextcat.x86_64                                      3.4.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfbclient2.x86_64                                       4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libfdisk.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libffi.i686                                               3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi.x86_64                                             3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi-devel.x86_64                                       3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libfido2.x86_64                                           1.11.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfontenc.x86_64                                         1.1.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfonts.noarch                                           1.1.3-39.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libformula.noarch                                         1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfprint.x86_64                                          1.94.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                        0.1.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libfreehand.x86_64                                        0.1.2-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfsverity.x86_64                                        1.4-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftdi.x86_64                                            1.5-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftl.x86_64                                             0.9.14-11.fc37                       @rpmfusion-free                            
libgcab1.x86_64                                           1.5-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgcc.i686                                               12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcc.x86_64                                             12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcrypt.i686                                            1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgcrypt.x86_64                                          1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdata.x86_64                                           0.18.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdither.x86_64                                         0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgee.x86_64                                             0.20.6-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgeotiff.x86_64                                         1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgexiv2.x86_64                                          0.14.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgfortran.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgit2.x86_64                                            1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libglvnd.i686                                             1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd.x86_64                                           1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                                1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                     1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-egl.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-gles.i686                                        1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-glx.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-opengl.i686                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                    1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                        3.28.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgomp.i686                                              12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgomp.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgpg-error.i686                                         1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                       1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgphoto2.i686                                           2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgphoto2.x86_64                                         2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgpod.x86_64                                            0.8.3-42.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgrss.x86_64                                            0.7.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgs.x86_64                                              9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgsf.x86_64                                             1.14.47-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libgta.x86_64                                             1.2.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgtop2.x86_64                                           2.40.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgudev.i686                                             237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgudev.x86_64                                           237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgusb.i686                                              0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgusb.x86_64                                            0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgweather.x86_64                                        40.0-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgweather4.x86_64                                       4.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgxps.x86_64                                            0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libhandy.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libhangul.x86_64                                          0.1.0-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libharu.x86_64                                            2.3.0-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libi2c.x86_64                                             4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libib-util.x86_64                                         4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libibverbs.i686                                           41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libibverbs.x86_64                                         41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libical.x86_64                                            3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libical-glib.x86_64                                       3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libicu.i686                                               71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libicu.x86_64                                             71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn.x86_64                                             1.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn2.i686                                              2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libidn2.x86_64                                            2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libieee1284.i686                                          0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libieee1284.x86_64                                        0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libijs.x86_64                                             0.35-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libimagequant.i686                                        2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimagequant.x86_64                                      2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                   1.3.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                  12.10.1-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libini_config.x86_64                                      1.3.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libinput.x86_64                                           1.22.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libinstpatch.x86_64                                       1.1.6-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libipt.x86_64                                             2.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libiptcdata.x86_64                                        1.0.5-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libjaylink.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjcat.x86_64                                            0.1.13-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                        2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                      2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjxl.i686                                               1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libjxl.x86_64                                             1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkadm5.x86_64                                           1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkate.x86_64                                            0.4.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libkcapi.x86_64                                           1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                  1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkml.x86_64                                             1.3.0-40.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libksba.x86_64                                            1.6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblangtag.x86_64                                         0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblangtag-data.noarch                                    0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblayout.noarch                                          0.2.10-29.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libldac.i686                                              2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldac.x86_64                                            2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldb.x86_64                                             2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblerc.x86_64                                            4.0.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libliftoff.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libloader.noarch                                          1.1.3-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouis.x86_64                                           3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                     3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                      2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                                2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblqr-1.x86_64                                           0.4.2-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmad.x86_64                                             0.15.1b-34.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libmanette.x86_64                                         0.2.6-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmarkdown.x86_64                                        2.2.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmatroska.x86_64                                        1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                       1.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmbim.x86_64                                            1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                      1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmcrypt.x86_64                                          2.5.8-32.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmd.x86_64                                              1.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmediaart.x86_64                                        1.9.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmediainfo.x86_64                                       23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmetalink.x86_64                                        0.1.3-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmicrodns.x86_64                                        0.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmng.x86_64                                             2.0.3-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmnl.x86_64                                             1.0.5-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmodplug.i686                                           1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodplug.x86_64                                         1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodulemd.x86_64                                        2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libmount.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpc.x86_64                                             1.2.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmpcdec.x86_64                                          1.2.6-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.i686                                             0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.x86_64                                           0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmspack.x86_64                                          0.10.1-0.8.alpha.fc37                @fedora                                    
libmspub.x86_64                                           0.1.4-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmtp.x86_64                                             1.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmwaw.x86_64                                            0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmysofa.i686                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmysofa.x86_64                                          1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libndp.x86_64                                             1.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnet.x86_64                                             1.2-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnetapi.x86_64                                          2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                             1.0.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                       1.0.1-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnftnl.x86_64                                           1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnghttp2.i686                                           1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                         1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnice.i686                                              0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnice.x86_64                                            0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnl3.i686                                               3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3.x86_64                                             3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                         3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnma.x86_64                                             1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                        1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnotify.x86_64                                          0.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libnsl.i686                                               2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libnsl.x86_64                                             2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
libnsl2.i686                                              2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnsl2.x86_64                                            2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnumbertext.x86_64                                      1.0.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liboauth.x86_64                                           1.0.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libodfgen.x86_64                                          0.1.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libogg.i686                                               2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libogg.x86_64                                             2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libomp.x86_64                                             15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libomp-devel.x86_64                                       15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.i686                                           0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.x86_64                                         0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liborcus.x86_64                                           0.17.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libosinfo.x86_64                                          1.10.0-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                                       0.0.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpaper.x86_64                                           1.1.28-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                        2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libpath_utils.x86_64                                      0.2.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpcap.i686                                              14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpcap.x86_64                                            14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpciaccess.i686                                         0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                       0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                                 0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpeas.x86_64                                            1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                        1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                             1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libphonenumber.x86_64                                     8.12.57-6.fc37                       @updates                                   
libpinyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpipeline.x86_64                                        1.5.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpkgconf.x86_64                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libplacebo.i686                                           4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplacebo.x86_64                                         4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplist.x86_64                                           2.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpng.i686                                               2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng.x86_64                                             2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng12.i686                                             1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libpng12.x86_64                                           1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libportal.x86_64                                          0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libpq.x86_64                                              14.3-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libproxy.i686                                             0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy.x86_64                                           0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                                   0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpskc.x86_64                                            2.6.7-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpsl.i686                                               0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpsl.x86_64                                             0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpwquality.x86_64                                       1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqhull_r.x86_64                                         1:7.2.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libqmi.x86_64                                             1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                       1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                                    1.8.0-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                       1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libquadmath.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                                  12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqxp.x86_64                                             0.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libraqm.x86_64                                            0.8.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libraw1394.x86_64                                         2.1.2-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libref_array.x86_64                                       0.1.5-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libreoffice.x86_64                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-base.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-data.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                          1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                            1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-math.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                       1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                                  1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                                 1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
librepo.x86_64                                            1.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libreport.x86_64                                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-fedora.x86_64                                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-filesystem.noarch                               2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                        2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                            2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                    2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                           2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-web.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
librepository.noarch                                      1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libretls.x86_64                                           3.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librevenge.x86_64                                         0.0.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
librist.x86_64                                            0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librsvg2.i686                                             2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librsvg2.x86_64                                           2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librtmp.i686                                              2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librtmp.x86_64                                            2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librttopo.x86_64                                          1.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsamplerate.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                    0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                      3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libsbc.i686                                               1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libsbc.x86_64                                             1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libseat.x86_64                                            0.7.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
libseccomp.x86_64                                         2.5.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsecret.x86_64                                          0.20.5-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libselinux.i686                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux.x86_64                                         3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsemanage.x86_64                                        3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.i686                                             3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.x86_64                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                     3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libserf.x86_64                                            1.3.9-27.fc37                        @updates                                   
libserializer.noarch                                      1.1.2-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libshaderc.i686                                           2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshaderc.x86_64                                         2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshout.i686                                             2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshout.x86_64                                           2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshumate.x86_64                                         1.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsigc++20.x86_64                                        2.10.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsigsegv.x86_64                                         2.14-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libslirp.x86_64                                           4.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmartcols.x86_64                                       2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libsmbios.x86_64                                          2.4.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmi.x86_64                                             0.4.8-31.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsndfile.i686                                           1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsndfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsodium.x86_64                                          1.0.18-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsolv.x86_64                                            0.7.22-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.i686                                              2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.x86_64                                            2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup3.i686                                             3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsoup3.x86_64                                           3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libspatialaudio.x86_64                                    3.1-7.20200406gitd926a2e.fc37        @fedora                                    
libspatialite.x86_64                                      5.0.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libspectre.x86_64                                         0.2.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libspnav.x86_64                                           1.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsquish.x86_64                                          1.15-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.i686                                              2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.x86_64                                            2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libss.x86_64                                              1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libssh.i686                                               0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh.x86_64                                             0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh-config.noarch                                      0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh2.x86_64                                            1.10.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                       2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libstaroffice.x86_64                                      0.0.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libstdc++.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                    12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstemmer.i686                                           0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libstemmer.x86_64                                         0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libtalloc.x86_64                                          2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtasn1.i686                                             4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtasn1.x86_64                                           4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtdb.i686                                               1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtdb.x86_64                                             1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libteam.x86_64                                            1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libtevent.x86_64                                          0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.i686                                              0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.x86_64                                            0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtheora.i686                                            1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtheora.x86_64                                          1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtiff.i686                                              4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiff.x86_64                                            4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiger.x86_64                                           0.3.4-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                     0.4.5.2-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtirpc.i686                                             1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtirpc.x86_64                                           1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                        1.18.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtommath.x86_64                                         1.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.i686                                         2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                       2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtracker-sparql.i686                                    3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                  3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libubsan.x86_64                                           12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libudfread.i686                                           1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudfread.x86_64                                         1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudisks2.x86_64                                         2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libunistring.i686                                         1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunistring.x86_64                                       1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunity.x86_64                                           7.1.4-30.20190319.fc37               @fedora                                    
libunwind.i686                                            1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libunwind.x86_64                                          1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libupnp.x86_64                                            1.14.17-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
liburing.x86_64                                           2.3-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                                  0.1.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libusb1.i686                                              1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusb1.x86_64                                            1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                         2.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuser.x86_64                                            0.63-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libutempter.x86_64                                        1.2.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuuid.i686                                              2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuuid.x86_64                                            2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuv.x86_64                                              1:1.44.2-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libv4l.i686                                               1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libv4l.x86_64                                             1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.i686                                                2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.x86_64                                              2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                                 2.4.1-9.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libva-intel-hybrid-driver.x86_64                          1.0.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvdpau.i686                                             1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libvdpau.x86_64                                           1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libverto.i686                                             0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libverto.x86_64                                           0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvisio.x86_64                                           0.1.7-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvisual.i686                                            1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvisual.x86_64                                          1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvmaf.x86_64                                            2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvncserver.x86_64                                       0.9.13-13.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvoikko.x86_64                                          4.3.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvorbis.i686                                            1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvorbis.x86_64                                          1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvpx.i686                                               1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvpx.x86_64                                             1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwacom.x86_64                                           2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwacom-data.noarch                                      2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwayland-client.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-client.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.i686                                       1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                     1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwbclient.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwebp.i686                                              1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwebp.x86_64                                            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwinpr.x86_64                                           2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                        0.2.12-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwnck3.x86_64                                           43.0-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
libwpd.x86_64                                             0.10.3-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libwpe.x86_64                                             1.14.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwpg.x86_64                                             0.3.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libwps.x86_64                                             0.4.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libxcb.i686                                               1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb.x86_64                                             1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcrypt.i686                                            4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt.x86_64                                          4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.i686                                     4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                   4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                    4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcvt.x86_64                                            0.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.i686                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                       1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                   1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxklavier.x86_64                                        5.4-21.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxml2.i686                                              2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxml2.x86_64                                            2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxmlb.x86_64                                            0.3.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxshmfence.i686                                         1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxshmfence.x86_64                                       1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxslt.x86_64                                            1.1.38-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libyaml.x86_64                                            0.2.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libyubikey.x86_64                                         1.13-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzen.x86_64                                             0.4.41-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzip.x86_64                                             1.9.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzmf.x86_64                                             0.0.2-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libzstd.i686                                              1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd.x86_64                                            1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                      1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lilv-libs.i686                                            0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lilv-libs.x86_64                                          0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
linux-firmware.noarch                                     20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                              20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
lirc-libs.x86_64                                          0.10.0-37.fc37                       @fedora                                    
live555.x86_64                                            2023.03.30-1.fc37                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                       1.0.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
llvm.x86_64                                               15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.i686                                            15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm13-libs.x86_64                                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors.x86_64                                         3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                      3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                    3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lmdb.x86_64                                               0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                          0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lockdev.i686                                              1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
lockdev.x86_64                                            1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
logrotate.x86_64                                          3.20.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                               2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                             2.95.5-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                               2.92.4-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                2.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                                2.94.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                   2.91.2-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                  2.91.3-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                 2.5.5-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                 2.1-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpf.noarch                                                0.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpsolve.x86_64                                            5.5.2.0-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lrzsz.x86_64                                              0.12.20-56.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lsof.x86_64                                               4.94.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lttng-ust.x86_64                                          2.13.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lua.x86_64                                                5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-libs.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-posix.x86_64                                          35.1-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
luajit.x86_64                                             2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc37                 @updates                                   
lutris.x86_64                                             0.5.13-9.git.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
lv2.x86_64                                                1.18.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lvm2.x86_64                                               2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                         2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                          2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lz4-libs.i686                                             1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lz4-libs.x86_64                                           1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lzo.x86_64                                                2.10-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lzop.x86_64                                               1.04-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
m17n-db.noarch                                            1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m17n-lib.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m4.x86_64                                                 1.4.19-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mactel-boot.x86_64                                        0.9-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mailcap.noarch                                            2.1.53-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
make.x86_64                                               1:4.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent.x86_64                                         0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-control.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                    0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-db.x86_64                                             2.10.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-pages.noarch                                          5.13-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mangohud.i686                                             0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mangohud.x86_64                                           0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
mariadb.x86_64                                            3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-common.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                                3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                         3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64                    3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                   3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                              3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                               3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
material-icons-fonts.noarch                               4.0.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mbedtls.x86_64                                            2.28.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mcelog.x86_64                                             3:175-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mdadm.x86_64                                              4.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
media-player-info.noarch                                  23-11.fc37                           @fedora                                    
mediainfo.x86_64                                          23.04-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
mediawriter.x86_64                                        5.0.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
memstrack.x86_64                                          0.2.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
memtest86+.x86_64                                         5.31-0.7.beta.fc37                   @fedora                                    
mesa-demos.x86_64                                         8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36     @anaconda                                  
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                   23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-filesystem.i686                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                    23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libEGL.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGL.i686                                           23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                         23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                        9.0.2-0.1.20221226.gitcbbff88.fc37   @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                       23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libgbm.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libglapi.i686                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                  23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.i686                            23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                                  23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                                23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos                             
meson.noarch                                              1.0.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mhash.x86_64                                              0.9.9.9-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                      2:2.1-53.1.fc37                      @updates                                   
minizip.x86_64                                            3.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
minizip-compat.x86_64                                     1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mjpegtools-libs.i686                                      2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mkfontscale.x86_64                                        1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mkpasswd.x86_64                                           5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                     20220725-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
mock.noarch                                               4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mock-core-configs.noarch                                  38.6-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
mock-filesystem.noarch                                    4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                          0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mod_http2.x86_64                                          2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mod_lua.x86_64                                            2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mokutil.x86_64                                            2:0.6.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                 1.9-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                                   2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
mozjs102.x86_64                                           102.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
mozjs91.x86_64                                            91.13.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mpage.x86_64                                              2.5.7-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpdecimal.x86_64                                          2.5.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mpfr.x86_64                                               4.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpg123-libs.i686                                          1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                        1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpv.x86_64                                                0.35.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-bc-fonts.noarch                                    3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-edwin-fonts.noarch                                 3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts.noarch                                       3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts-all.noarch                                   3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-gootville-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-leland-fonts.noarch                                3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretab-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretext-fonts.noarch                            3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-musejazz-fonts.noarch                              3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                                    20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
mtd-utils.x86_64                                          2.1.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtdev.x86_64                                              1.1.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtools.x86_64                                             4.0.43-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mtr.x86_64                                                2:0.95-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
mutter.x86_64                                             43.2.vrr.11-2.fc37                   @nobara-baseos                             
mysql-selinux.noarch                                      1.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mythes.x86_64                                             1.2.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mythes-en.noarch                                          3.0-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
nano.x86_64                                               6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nano-default-editor.noarch                                6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nautilus.x86_64                                           43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-admin.noarch                                     1.1.9-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                                43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-python.x86_64                                    4.0-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ncurses.x86_64                                            6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-base.noarch                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.i686                                         6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ndctl.x86_64                                              77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                         77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
neofetch.noarch                                           7.1.0-10.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                      1:5.9.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
net-tools.x86_64                                          2.0-0.64.20160912git.fc37            @updates                                   
netavark.x86_64                                           1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcat.x86_64                                             1.225-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcdf.x86_64                                             4.9.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
netpbm.x86_64                                             11.02.00-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nettle.i686                                               3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nettle.x86_64                                             3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
newt.x86_64                                               0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nftables.x86_64                                           1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                                    3-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ninja-build.x86_64                                        1.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                               1.28.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap.x86_64                                               3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                          3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nobara-amdgpu-config.x86_64                               2.1-0.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-bookmarks.noarch                                   37-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-controller-config.noarch                           1.0-6.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login.noarch                                       1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-config.noarch                                1.1-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-sysctl.noarch                                1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos.noarch                                       36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos-httpd.noarch                                 36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-nvidia-wizard.noarch                               1.1-12.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-common.noarch                              37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-identity-workstation.noarch                37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-workstation.noarch                         37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-repos.noarch                                       37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-welcome.noarch                                     2.5-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nodejs.x86_64                                             1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-docs.noarch                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                   1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                         1:9.5.1-1.18.16.0.8.fc37             @updates                                   
nordvpn.x86_64                                            3.16.3-1                             @repo.nordvpn.com_yum_nordvpn_centos_x86_64
npth.x86_64                                               1.6-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nspr.i686                                                 4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nspr.x86_64                                               4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.i686                                                  3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.x86_64                                                3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-mdns.i686                                             0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-mdns.x86_64                                           0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-softokn.i686                                          3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                                   3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                 3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.i686                                             3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.x86_64                                           3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                            2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                         1.0-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                          2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
numactl.x86_64                                            2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.i686                                         2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.x86_64                                       2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.i686                               1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.x86_64                             1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
obs-studio-libs.x86_64                                    29.1.3-5.20230709.c58e511.fc37       @nobara-appstream                          
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                  7-2.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.i686                                              2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.x86_64                                            2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ogdi.x86_64                                               4.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
oidn-libs.x86_64                                          1.4.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
okular.x86_64                                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-libs.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-part.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
oneapi-level-zero.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ongres-scram.noarch                                       2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-scram-client.noarch                                2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-stringprep.noarch                                  1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
oniguruma.x86_64                                          6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37     @fedora                                    
onlyoffice-desktopeditors.x86_64                          7.4.0-163.el7                        @nobara-onlyoffice                         
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                    1.10-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                      12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                              12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                        1.6.70-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openal-soft.i686                                          1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openal-soft.x86_64                                        1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openblas.x86_64                                           0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                                  0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-serial.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                               2-12.fc37                            @fedora                                    
opencl-filesystem.noarch                                  1.0-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencolorio1.x86_64                                       1.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openconnect.x86_64                                        9.01-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencore-amr.i686                                         0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencore-amr.x86_64                                       0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencv-core.x86_64                                        4.6.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openexr-libs.x86_64                                       3.1.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openh264.x86_64                                           2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
openjpeg2.i686                                            2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openjpeg2.x86_64                                          2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openldap.i686                                             2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap.x86_64                                           2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap-compat.x86_64                                    2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openmp-extras-runtime.x86_64                              15.54.0.50403-121.el9                @nobara-rocm-official                      
openpgl.x86_64                                            0.4.1-0.1.beta.fc37                  @updates                                   
openpgm.x86_64                                            5.2.122-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
opensc.x86_64                                             0.23.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openshadinglanguage-libs.x86_64                           1.12.10.0-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
openssh.x86_64                                            8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-clients.x86_64                                    8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-server.x86_64                                     8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssl.x86_64                                            1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-devel.x86_64                                      1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.i686                                         1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                       1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                       0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                     0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opensubdiv.x86_64                                         3.5.0-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                       10.0.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
openvpn.x86_64                                            2.5.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openxr-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
opus.i686                                                 1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opus.x86_64                                               1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.i686                                                  0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.x86_64                                                0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orca.noarch                                               43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
os-prober.x86_64                                          1.81-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
osinfo-db.noarch                                          20230518-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                    1.10.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree.x86_64                                             2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree-libs.x86_64                                        2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
p11-kit.i686                                              0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit.x86_64                                            0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                     0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                      0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip.x86_64                                              16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                      16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                          0.5-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                          6.0-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pam.x86_64                                                1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam_afs_session.x86_64                                    2.6-17.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                       2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pango.i686                                                1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pango.x86_64                                              1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pangomm.x86_64                                            2.46.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
papirus-icon-theme.noarch                                 20230301-2.fc37                      @updates                                   
paps.x86_64                                               0.7.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
parted.x86_64                                             3.5-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
partio-libs.x86_64                                        1.14.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
passt.x86_64                                              0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passt-selinux.noarch                                      0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passwd.x86_64                                             0.80-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
passwdqc.x86_64                                           2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
patch.x86_64                                              2.7.6-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
patchutils.x86_64                                         0.4.2-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pavucontrol.x86_64                                        5.0-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                         1.1-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pciutils.x86_64                                           3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pcre.i686                                                 8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre.x86_64                                               8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                           8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-devel.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre2.i686                                                10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2.x86_64                                              10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                       10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                          1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                     1.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                       1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                     1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pdftk-java.noarch                                         3.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                     1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                      1:0.9.4-28.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl.x86_64                                               4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                                1.2010-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                                   2.40-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                   1.68-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                            1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                    5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                     5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-B.x86_64                                             1.83-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                     1.23-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-CPAN.noarch                                          2.36-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                             0.12-26.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                     2.150010-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                        2.140-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                                0.018-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Carp.noarch                                          1.52-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                  0.66-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                                2.28-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                            2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                             2.201-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                             2.202-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                             0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                                 0.34-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                                4.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                                   1.22-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBI.x86_64                                           1.643-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                                    0.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                       1.858-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                   2.184-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                  0.112-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Section.noarch                                  0.200007-17.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                                  3.68-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                                    1.32-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                             1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                                    0.83-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Digest.noarch                                        1.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                    2.58-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                    1:6.03-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                                   2.13-37.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                     1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                                     2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                    1.52-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Encode.x86_64                                        4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                 1.05-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                                  4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-English.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Env.noarch                                           1.05-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Errno.x86_64                                         1.36-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Exporter.noarch                                      5.77-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                             1:0.280236-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                              2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                             0.25-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                                1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                              2.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                             2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                            2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                             1:1.73-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                             1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                              1:3.45-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                         1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                                  0.09-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                 2.85-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                  1.100.700-494.fc37                   @updates                                   
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                     2.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                                  1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                                    1.04-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Find.noarch                                     1.40-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                                  1.006-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                  6.15-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Path.noarch                                     2.18-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                     1:0.231.100-489.fc37                 @fedora                                    
perl-File-Which.noarch                                    1.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-stat.noarch                                     1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileCache.noarch                                     1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                    2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Filter.x86_64                                        2:1.64-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                                 0.96-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-FindBin.noarch                                       1.53-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                                     1:1.23-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                   1:2.54-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                    1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                     6.05-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                     0.086-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                                     0.28-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                                  1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                                 0.45-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                 0.21-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO.x86_64                                            1.50-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                   2.201-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                              2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                  0.41-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                 2.075-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                       1:1.11-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                       2:1.04-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                     1.22-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                      2.09-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                             1.30-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                                12.60-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Importer.noarch                                      0.026-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                       1:4.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                       1:4.03-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                               1.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                        1:0.21-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                   3.16-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                                  1.013.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                    0.15-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                   1:1.9998.37-2.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                          0.501.300-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                                   0.2624-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                  1.59-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Memoize.noarch                                       1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Module-Build.noarch                                  2:0.42.31-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                               1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                         1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                   1:0.36-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                       0.74-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                                 1:0.08-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                               1.000037-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                              0.88-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                    20211001-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                     1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NEXT.noarch                                          0.69-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NKF.x86_64                                           1:2.1.4-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Net.noarch                                           1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                      2.75-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                    1.92-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                                     1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                               0.009-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                        1.57-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                         2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                             1.106-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Check.noarch                                  1:0.38-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                   1.102-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                     3.84-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                                   1.010-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                        0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                                   4:1.75-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                   1:1.07-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                                 1.14-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                      1.33-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                   3.28.01-490.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                    1:3.43-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                     4:2.03-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Safe.noarch                                          2.43-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                             5:1.63-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                                   1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                                    1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                        4:2.036-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Software-License.noarch                              0.104002-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Storable.x86_64                                      1:3.26-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                  0.988-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                   0.928-33.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Symbol.noarch                                        1.09-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                                  1.24-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                    0.36-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                                5.01-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                      1.17-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                                 1.403-494.fc37                       @updates                                   
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                                 1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                                 0.002-38.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                                0.031-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Table.noarch                                    0.016-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                   2.38-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Test.noarch                                          1.31-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                  1:3.44-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                                   3:1.302191-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                 2.06-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                     1.45-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                     0.11-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                               3.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                                2023.0511-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
perl-Text-Template.noarch                                 1.60-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Thread.noarch                                        3.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                  3.14-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                              2.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie.noarch                                           4.6-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-File.noarch                                      1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                                   1.1-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                                   1.40-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Time.noarch                                          1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                    4:1.9770-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                    2:1.300-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                    1.3401-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                      1:2.33-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                              1.01-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-URI.noarch                                           5.17-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-URI-Encode.noarch                                    1.1.1-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                               1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                             2019.001-14.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                             1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                                   0.78-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-User-pwent.noarch                                    1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                                    0.81-45.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                    2.46-12.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-autodie.noarch                                       2.34-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-autouse.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-base.noarch                                          2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-bignum.noarch                                        0.66-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-blib.noarch                                          1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                  3.7.5-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-constant.noarch                                      1.33-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-debugger.noarch                                      1.60-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-deprecate.noarch                                     0.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-devel.x86_64                                         4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-diagnostics.noarch                                   1.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-doc.noarch                                           5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-encoding.x86_64                                      4:3.00-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                             0.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-experimental.noarch                                  0.028-489.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-fields.noarch                                        2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-filetest.noarch                                      1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-if.noarch                                            0.61.000-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-inc-latest.noarch                                    2:0.500-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                   4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-less.noarch                                          0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-lib.x86_64                                           0.65-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-libnet.noarch                                        3.14-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                     4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-libs.x86_64                                          4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-local-lib.noarch                                     2.000029-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-locale.noarch                                        1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-macros.noarch                                        4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-meta-notation.noarch                                 5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-mro.x86_64                                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-open.noarch                                          1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overload.noarch                                      1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overloading.noarch                                   0.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-parent.noarch                                        1:0.238-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                       5.20210520-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ph.x86_64                                            5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-podlators.noarch                                     1:4.14-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                       1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-sort.noarch                                          2.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1-46.fc37                            @fedora                                    
perl-subs.noarch                                          1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-threads.x86_64                                       1:2.27-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                1.64-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-utils.noarch                                         5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-vars.noarch                                          1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-version.x86_64                                       8:0.99.29-490.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-vmsish.noarch                                        1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                         4.11.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                       2:4.10.0-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
picosat-libs.x86_64                                       965-15.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pigz.x86_64                                               2.7-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pinentry.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                    1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinfo.x86_64                                              0.6.10-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
pipewire.i686                                             0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire.x86_64                                           0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-codec-aptx.x86_64                                0.3.71-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                                0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                     0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pixman.i686                                               0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pixman.x86_64                                             0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                      1.29.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkgconf.x86_64                                            1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                 1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                      5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                               5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plocate.x86_64                                            1.1.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plymouth.x86_64                                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                 22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                   22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
pocl.x86_64                                               3.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
podman.x86_64                                             5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                     5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
policycoreutils.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
polkit.x86_64                                             121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-libs.x86_64                                        121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                 0.1-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                       0.114.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
poly2tri.x86_64                                           0.0-25.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc37   @fedora                                    
poppler.x86_64                                            22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-data.noarch                                       0.4.11-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
poppler-glib.x86_64                                       22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-utils.x86_64                                      22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
popt.x86_64                                               1.19-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                                    42.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
potrace.x86_64                                            1.16-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                              0.12-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
powerline.x86_64                                          2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
powerline-fonts.noarch                                    2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ppp.x86_64                                                2.4.9-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pptp.x86_64                                               1.10.0-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
procps-ng.x86_64                                          3.3.17-6.fc37.2                      @updates                                   
proj.x86_64                                               9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data.noarch                                          9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-at.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-au.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-be.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-br.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ca.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ch.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-de.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-dk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-es.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-eur.noarch                                      9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fi.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fo.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fr.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-is.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-jp.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-mx.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nc.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nl.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-no.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nz.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-pt.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-se.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-sk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-uk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-us.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-za.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf.x86_64                                           3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protobuf-c.x86_64                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                      3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protonup-qt.x86_64                                        2.8.0-4.git.fc37                     @nobara-baseos                             
psacct.x86_64                                             6.6.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
psmisc.x86_64                                             23.4-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ptex-libs.x86_64                                          2.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                            20230614-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
pugixml.x86_64                                            1.13-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                      16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                    16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                   16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                              1.9.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pypy.x86_64                                               7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pypy-libs.x86_64                                          7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pystring.x86_64                                           1.1.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-launcher.x86_64                                    1.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                   22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                              5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                            62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                 3.11-6.fc37                          @updates                                   
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                 235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python-unversioned-command.noarch                         3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3.x86_64                                            3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-GitPython.noarch                                  3.1.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-LibAppArmor.x86_64                                3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-ROPGadget.noarch                                  7.2-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-abrt.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                                 2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-apparmor.noarch                                   3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-appdirs.noarch                                    1.4.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-argcomplete.noarch                                2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-audit.x86_64                                      3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-augeas.noarch                                     1.1.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-authlib.noarch                                    1.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-babel.noarch                                      2.10.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                     3.2.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-beaker.noarch                                     1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                             4.12.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-blivet.noarch                                     1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                     0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-brotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bugzilla.noarch                                   3.2.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-cachetools.noarch                                 5.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cairo.x86_64                                      1.21.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-capstone.x86_64                                   4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cccolutils.x86_64                                 1.5-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-certifi.noarch                                    2021.10.8-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
python3-cffi.x86_64                                       1.15.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-chardet.noarch                                    5.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                         2.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-click.noarch                                      8.1.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-colored-traceback.noarch                          0.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-conda.noarch                                      4.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-conda-package-handling.x86_64                     1.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-configobj.noarch                                  5.0.6-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-construct.noarch                                  2.10.68-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                                    8.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-crypto.x86_64                                     2.6.1-41.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cryptography.x86_64                               37.0.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cssselect.noarch                                  1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cups.x86_64                                       2.0.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cytoolz.x86_64                                    0.11.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-dasbus.noarch                                     1.6-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-dateutil.noarch                                   1:2.8.2-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-dbus.x86_64                                       1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-decorator.noarch                                  5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-distro.noarch                                     1.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-dnf.noarch                                        4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                           4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch                  4.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-dns.noarch                                        2.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-enchant.noarch                                    3.2.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-evdev.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-fedora.noarch                                     1.1.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-file-magic.noarch                                 5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-filelock.noarch                                   3.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-firewall.noarch                                   1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-frozendict.noarch                                 1.2-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-gitdb.noarch                                      4.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-gobject.x86_64                                    3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                               3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                        3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gpg.x86_64                                        1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                     1.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-humanize.noarch                                   3.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-idna.noarch                                       3.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-intervaltree.noarch                               3.1.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-jinja2.noarch                                     3.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-kerberos.x86_64                                   1.3.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-kickstart.noarch                                  3.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-kitchen.noarch                                    1.2.6-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-koji.noarch                                       1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-langtable.noarch                                  0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-ldb.x86_64                                        2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                   0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                                2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libreport.x86_64                                  2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-libs.x86_64                                       3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                 3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                                3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                    2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lockfile.noarch                                   1:0.12.2-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-louis.noarch                                      3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lxml.x86_64                                       4.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-mako.noarch                                       1.1.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                 2.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-meh.noarch                                        0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                    0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-moddb.noarch                                      0.8.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-munch.noarch                                      2.5.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-mutagen.noarch                                    1.45.1-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-newt.x86_64                                       0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-nftables.x86_64                                   1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-notify2.noarch                                    0.3.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-numpy.x86_64                                      1:1.24.3-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-olefile.noarch                                    0.46-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-openidc-client.noarch                             0.6.0-17.20220119git0e2ed81.fc37     @fedora                                    
python3-packaging.noarch                                  21.3-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-paramiko.noarch                                   2.12.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-paste.noarch                                      3.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pexpect.noarch                                    4.8.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pid.noarch                                        2.2.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pillow.x86_64                                     9.2.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pip.noarch                                        22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-plumbum.noarch                                    1.7.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ply.noarch                                        3.11-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                            3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-productmd.noarch                                  1.35-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-progressbar2.noarch                               3.53.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-protobuf.x86_64                                   3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-psutil.x86_64                                     5.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                 0.6.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pwntools.noarch                                   4.8.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                  21.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                     0.4.8-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                    2.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pybeam.noarch                                     0.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pycosat.x86_64                                    0.6.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pycparser.noarch                                  2.20-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                              3.17.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                     7.45.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyelftools.noarch                                 0.29-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                     1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pygments.noarch                                   2.12.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                     1.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                  3.0.9-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                   1:3.12.0-6.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-pypresence.noarch                                 4.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                  12.11.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-pyrate-limiter.noarch                             2.10.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyroute2.noarch                                   0.6.12-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyserial.noarch                                   3.5-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pyside2.x86_64                                    1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                                    1.7.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pytz.noarch                                       2023.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyudev.noarch                                     0.23.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyusb.noarch                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                      0.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                     6.0-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-qt5.x86_64                                        5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                   5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-regex.x86_64                                      2022.10.31-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
python3-reportlab.noarch                                  4.0.4-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-requests.noarch                                   2.28.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-requests-file.noarch                              1.5.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                               0.3.1-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                            1.2.3-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-kerberos.noarch                          0.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-rpkg.noarch                                       1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                        4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                                0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-rpyc.noarch                                       5.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ruamel-yaml.noarch                                0.17.26-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                           0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-samba.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                   2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-scour.noarch                                      0.38.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-setools.x86_64                                    4.4.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                               1.2.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setuptools.noarch                                 62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-shiboken2.x86_64                                  1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                                1.0.4-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-simpleline.noarch                                 1.9.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-six.noarch                                        1.16.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-smmap.noarch                                      5.0.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-sortedcontainers.noarch                           2.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                  2.3.2.post1-7.fc37                   @fedora                                    
python3-speechd.x86_64                                    0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-steam.noarch                                      1.4.4-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-systemd.x86_64                                    235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-talloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tempita.noarch                                    0.5.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                       1.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-tevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                    3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-tldextract.noarch                                 3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-toml.noarch                                       0.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tomli.noarch                                      2.0.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tomli-w.noarch                                    1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-toolz.noarch                                      0.11.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tqdm.noarch                                       4.65.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                                    1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unicorn.x86_64                                    1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-urllib3.noarch                                    1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                              1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-utils.noarch                                      3.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-vapoursynth.x86_64                                58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
python3-vdf.noarch                                        3.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-websockets.x86_64                                 10.3-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                            2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-yubico.noarch                                     1.3.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-zstandard.x86_64                                  0.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-zstd.x86_64                                       1.4.5.1-8.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3.10.x86_64                                         3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-tkinter.x86_64                                 3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qbittorrent.x86_64                                        1:4.5.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qca-qt5.x86_64                                            2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                       2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qemu-common.x86_64                                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                     2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                 2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                          10.6.3-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                      4.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qt-settings.noarch                                        37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                           5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                         5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                  5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdatavis3d.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                     5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscxml.x86_64                                        5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                          5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                          5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                                    5.15.12-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                       5.212.0-0.75alpha4.fc37              @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5ct.x86_64                                              1.1-16.fc37                          @updates                                   
qt5pas.x86_64                                             2.6-2020601.fc37                     @updates                                   
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                         6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                          6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                        6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                                 6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
quota.x86_64                                              1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
quota-nls.noarch                                          1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
raptor2.x86_64                                            2.0.15-34.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rasqal.x86_64                                             0.9.33-19.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rav1e-libs.i686                                           0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                         0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                                      2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
re2.x86_64                                                1:20220601-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
readline.i686                                             8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
readline.x86_64                                           8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
realmd.x86_64                                             0.17.0-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
realtek-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
redhat-menus.noarch                                       12.0.2-22.fc37                       @fedora                                    
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                                  229-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
redland.x86_64                                            1.0.17-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rest.x86_64                                               0.9.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rest0.7.x86_64                                            0.8.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rhythmbox.x86_64                                          3.4.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rocm-cmake.x86_64                                         0.8.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-core.x86_64                                          5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-device-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime.x86_64                                   5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime-devel.x86_64                             5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-language-runtime.x86_64                              5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-llvm.x86_64                                          15.0.0.23045.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-meta.x86_64                                          5.4.1-9.copr.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
rocm-ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl.x86_64                                        2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl-runtime.x86_64                                5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocminfo.x86_64                                           1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rootfiles.noarch                                          8.1-32.fc37                          @fedora                                    
rpkg-common.noarch                                        1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
rpm.x86_64                                                4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build.x86_64                                          4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                     4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                           4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                 4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                         4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmdevtools.noarch                                        9.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                      37-4.fc37                            @rpmfusion-free                            
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                             37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch                   37-3.fc37                            @rpmfusion-nonfree                         
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                          37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmlint.noarch                                            2.4.0-6.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmlint-fedora-license-data.noarch                        1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
rsync.x86_64                                              3.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rtkit.x86_64                                              0.11-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rubberband.x86_64                                         3.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ruby.x86_64                                               3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-default-gems.noarch                                  3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-libs.x86_64                                          3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                                 3.1.1-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                    2.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                                 0.5.11-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-json.x86_64                                       2.6.3-200.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                      4.0.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                       6.4.0-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygems.noarch                                           3.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubypick.noarch                                           1.1.1-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                   24-2.fc37                            @updates                                   
sac.noarch                                                1.3-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
samba.x86_64                                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common.noarch                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-tools.x86_64                                 2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                             2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-libs.x86_64                                         2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-tools.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
sane-airscan.x86_64                                       0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sane-backends.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                        1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                       1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                     1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.i686                                   1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
satyr.x86_64                                              0.42-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
schroedinger.x86_64                                       1.0.11-27.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sed.x86_64                                                4.8-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
selinux-policy.noarch                                     37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                            37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
serd.i686                                                 0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
serd.x86_64                                               0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
setup.noarch                                              2.14.1-14.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
setxkbmap.x86_64                                          1.3.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                     1.46-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sgml-common.noarch                                        0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sgpio.x86_64                                              1.2.0.10-31.fc37                     @fedora                                    
shadow-utils.x86_64                                       2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                 2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                   2.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
shim-ia32.x86_64                                          15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
shim-x64.x86_64                                           15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
signon.x86_64                                             8.60-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                               0.24-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
signon-ui.x86_64                                          0.15-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                                  1.100-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                    2.200-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                   3.003-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
simple-scan.x86_64                                        42.5-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
slang.x86_64                                              2.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
slirp4netns.x86_64                                        1.2.0-8.fc37                         @updates                                   
snap-confine.x86_64                                       2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd.x86_64                                              2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd-selinux.noarch                                      2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snappy.x86_64                                             1.1.9-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sombok.x86_64                                             2.4.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sord.i686                                                 0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sord.x86_64                                               0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sos.noarch                                                4.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                            0.8-18.fc37                          @fedora                                    
soundtouch.i686                                           2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
soundtouch.x86_64                                         2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
source-highlight.x86_64                                   3.1.9-15.fc37                        @updates                                   
soxr.i686                                                 0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
soxr.x86_64                                               0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.i686                                               1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.x86_64                                             1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                  0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                        0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speex.i686                                                1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speex.x86_64                                              1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speexdsp.x86_64                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
spice-server.x86_64                                       0.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                      0.22.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                      3.0-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.i686                                     2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                   2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sqlite-libs.i686                                          3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                        3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                     4.5.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sratom.i686                                               0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sratom.x86_64                                             0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
srecord.x86_64                                            1.64-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
srt-libs.i686                                             1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
srt-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sshpass.x86_64                                            1.09-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sssd.x86_64                                               2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ad.x86_64                                            2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-client.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                    2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                         2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
startup-notification.x86_64                               0.12-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
steam.i686                                                1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steam-devices.i686                                        1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steghide.x86_64                                           0.5.1-45.fc37                        @fedora                                    
stix-fonts.noarch                                         2.13b171-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
stoken-libs.x86_64                                        0.92-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
subversion.x86_64                                         1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
subversion-libs.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
sudo.x86_64                                               1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                 1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
suitesparse.x86_64                                        5.10.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
supergfxctl.x86_64                                        5.0.1-3                              @nobara-baseos                             
sushi.x86_64                                              43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                       1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                 2.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
symlinks.x86_64                                           1.7-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
syslinux.x86_64                                           6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                         6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                              3.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
system-config-language.noarch                             3.5.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd.x86_64                                            251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-container.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.i686                                         251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-pam.x86_64                                        251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                                 251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-udev.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemtap.x86_64                                          4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-client.x86_64                                   4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-devel.x86_64                                    4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                                  4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                                4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
taglib.i686                                               1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
taglib.x86_64                                             1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tar.x86_64                                                2:1.34-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
tbb.x86_64                                                2020.3-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
tcl.x86_64                                                1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.i686                                    7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                  7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcpdump.x86_64                                            14:4.99.4-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
tdb-tools.x86_64                                          1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
teamd.x86_64                                              1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
terminator.noarch                                         2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tesseract.x86_64                                          5.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
texlive-lib.x86_64                                        9:20210325-54.fc37                   @updates                                   
text-engine.x86_64                                        0.1.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                         0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                          0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thermald.x86_64                                           2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
tigervnc-license.noarch                                   1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                            1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
time.x86_64                                               1.9-19.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tinyxml.x86_64                                            2.6.2-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tinyxml2.x86_64                                           7.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tk.x86_64                                                 1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tmux.x86_64                                               3.3a-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
toolbox.x86_64                                            0.0.99.4-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
totem.x86_64                                              1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                    3.26.6-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                            1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
touchegg.x86_64                                           2.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                         5.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                           3.2.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
traceroute.x86_64                                         3:2.1.2-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
tracker.x86_64                                            3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tracker-miners.x86_64                                     3.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tree.x86_64                                               2.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
trousers-lib.x86_64                                       0.3.15-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tslib.x86_64                                              1.22-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                           3.0.9-66.fc37                        @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.i686                                         0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.x86_64                                       0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tzdata.noarch                                             2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tzdata-java.noarch                                        2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
uchardet.x86_64                                           0.0.6-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
udisks2.x86_64                                            2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                      2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                     1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unbound-libs.x86_64                                       1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unicode-ucd.noarch                                        15.0.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unicorn.x86_64                                            1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unixODBC.i686                                             2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unixODBC.x86_64                                           2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unrar.x86_64                                              6.2.8-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
unzip.x86_64                                              6.0-58.fc37                          @fedora                                    
upower.x86_64                                             0.99.20-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
uresourced.x86_64                                         0.5.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
uriparser.x86_64                                          0.9.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                           20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                          20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                   20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                    20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                     2.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                                20191128-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
usbmuxd.x86_64                                            1.1.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usbutils.x86_64                                           015-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
usd-libs.x86_64                                           22.05b-25.fc37                       @updates                                   
usermode.x86_64                                           1.114-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                      0.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
utf8proc.x86_64                                           2.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
util-linux.x86_64                                         2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
util-linux-core.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
valgrind.x86_64                                           1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                     1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                                    2.9.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                                   58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-tools.x86_64                                  58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                                 33.003-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
velocity.noarch                                           1.7-39.fc37                          @fedora                                    
vid.stab.i686                                             1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vid.stab.x86_64                                           1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vim-common.x86_64                                         2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-data.noarch                                           2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-filesystem.noarch                                     2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-minimal.x86_64                                        2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                         7.0.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
vkBasalt.i686                                             0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vkBasalt.x86_64                                           0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vlc.x86_64                                                1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vlc-core.x86_64                                           1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vmaf-models.noarch                                        2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vo-amrwbenc.i686                                          0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                        0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
voikko-fi.noarch                                          2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                    0.3.12-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
vpnc.x86_64                                               0.5.3-44.svn550.fc37                 @fedora                                    
vpnc-script.noarch                                        20220509-2.gite52f8e66.fc37          @fedora                                    
vte-profile.x86_64                                        0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vte291.x86_64                                             0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vulkan-loader.i686                                        1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                      1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                       1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
w3m.x86_64                                                0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
w3m-img.x86_64                                            0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
wavpack.i686                                              5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wavpack.x86_64                                            5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                              5-18.fc37                            @fedora                                    
webapp-manager.noarch                                     master.mint21-1.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                       2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                 0.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                              0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                            0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wget.x86_64                                               1.21.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
which.x86_64                                              2.21-39.fc37                         @updates                                   
whois.x86_64                                              5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
whois-nls.noarch                                          5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wine-staging-common.i686                                  1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
wine-staging64.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winehq-staging.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winetricks.noarch                                         20230421-1.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
wireless-regdb.noarch                                     2022.06.06-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
wireplumber.x86_64                                        0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireshark.x86_64                                          1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                      1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wlroots.x86_64                                            0.16.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
wmctrl.x86_64                                             1.07-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
woff2.x86_64                                              1.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
words.noarch                                              3.0-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                     1:2.10-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                     1.14.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
x264-libs.i686                                            0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x264-libs.x86_64                                          0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x265-libs.i686                                            3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
x265-libs.x86_64                                          3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.22-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xapps.x86_64                                              2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xcb-util.x86_64                                           0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                                    0.1.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                     0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                   0.4.0-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                                0.3.9-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                        0.4.1-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                     0.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                 1.15.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                           43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                             1.14.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                      0.18-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                  0.11-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-utils.noarch                                          1.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                           1.3.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xerces-c.x86_64                                           3.2.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xfsprogs.x86_64                                           6.1.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
xhost.x86_64                                              1.0.8-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xisxwayland.x86_64                                        1-4.fc37                             @fedora                                    
xkbcomp.x86_64                                            1.4.5-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                   2.36-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
xml-common.noarch                                         0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                           1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                    1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlsec1.x86_64                                            1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                        1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                    1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmodmap.x86_64                                            1.0.11-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                                23.0.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                   19.1.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                 2.10.6-12.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                 0.5.0-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                 2.99.917-54.20210115.fc37            @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                              1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                               1:1.0.17-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                            0.6.400-4.20210215git5dbad06.fc37    @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                   0.1.5-20.fc35                        @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                  2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                                13.2.1-16.fc35                       @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                 1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                  1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                    7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                               7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                               2022.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                               1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                           22.1.9-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                     1:1.1.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                     1.4.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xprop.x86_64                                              1.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrandr.x86_64                                             1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrdb.x86_64                                               1.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xvidcore.i686                                             1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xvidcore.x86_64                                           1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xwininfo.x86_64                                           1.1.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xxd.x86_64                                                2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                        0.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xz.x86_64                                                 5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-devel.x86_64                                           5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.i686                                              5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
yajl.x86_64                                               2.1.0-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                           0.6.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
yarnpkg.noarch                                            1.22.19-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
yelp.x86_64                                               2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-libs.x86_64                                          2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-xsl.noarch                                           42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ykpers.x86_64                                             1.20.0-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
yt-dlp.noarch                                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yum.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                        1.3.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                    1.5-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zenity.x86_64                                             3.44.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
zeromq.x86_64                                             4.3.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.i686                                                 3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.x86_64                                               3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zip.x86_64                                                3.0-33.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zlib.i686                                                 1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib.x86_64                                               1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib-devel.x86_64                                         1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zoom.x86_64                                               5.14.10.3738-1                       @System                                    
zram-generator.x86_64                                     1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                            1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zstd.x86_64                                               1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zvbi.i686                                                 0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zvbi.x86_64                                               0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                          1.2.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
---- FLATPAK Packages ----
Google Chrome (unstable)	com.google.ChromeDev	117.0.5927.0-1	stable	system
Spotify	com.spotify.Client	1.2.11.916.geb595a67	stable	system
Obsidian	md.obsidian.Obsidian	1.3.5	stable	system
Freedesktop Platform	org.freedesktop.Platform	21.08.19	21.08	system
Freedesktop Platform	org.freedesktop.Platform	22.08.14	22.08	system
Mesa	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.default	21.3.9	21.08	system
Mesa	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.default	23.1.4	22.08	system
Mesa (Extra)	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.default	23.1.4	22.08-extra	system
nvidia-525-60-11	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.nvidia-525-60-11		1.4	system
nvidia-525-85-05	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.nvidia-525-85-05		1.4	system
nvidia-535-54-03	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.nvidia-535-54-03		1.4	system
Intel	org.freedesktop.Platform.VAAPI.Intel		21.08	system
Intel	org.freedesktop.Platform.VAAPI.Intel		22.08	system
ffmpeg-full	org.freedesktop.Platform.ffmpeg-full		21.08	system
ffmpeg-full	org.freedesktop.Platform.ffmpeg-full		22.08	system
openh264	org.freedesktop.Platform.openh264	2.1.0	2.0	system
openh264	org.freedesktop.Platform.openh264	2.1.0	2.2.0	system
Freedesktop SDK	org.freedesktop.Sdk	22.08.12.1	22.08	system
adw-gtk3-dark Gtk Theme	org.gtk.Gtk3theme.adw-gtk3-dark		3.22	system
Telegram Desktop	org.telegram.desktop	4.8.4	stable	system
Telegram Desktop Webview Add-on	org.telegram.desktop.webview	2.40.3	stable	system
---- SNAP Packages ----
---- DNF Packages ----
Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                              2.4.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
CharLS.x86_64                                             2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
GConf2.x86_64                                             3.2.6-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ImageMagick.x86_64                                        1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                                    1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
LibRaw.x86_64                                             0.20.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
ModemManager.x86_64                                       1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                  1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
NetworkManager.x86_64                                     1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch          1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                               1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                         1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                             1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                       1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                                1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                                 1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                           1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                                1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                        2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                        2.4.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
PackageKit.x86_64                                         1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                                     1.0.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                       1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                    1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                        1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                             1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
SDL2.i686                                                 2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
SDL2.x86_64                                               2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
SuperLU.x86_64                                            5.3.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
VirtualBox-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.6_155176_fedora36-1              @System                                    
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                            3.101-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
aalib-libs.x86_64                                         1.4.0-0.44.rc5.fc37                  @fedora                                    
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                       1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                            0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                         0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abrt.x86_64                                               2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-cli.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                      2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                                1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abrt-libs.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-tui.noarch                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                         20220623.1-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                                0.7-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
accountsservice.x86_64                                    22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                               22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
acl.x86_64                                                2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adcli.x86_64                                              0.9.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                                20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                     20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                 20190401-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                        2.030.1.050-13.fc37                  @fedora                                    
adw-gtk3.x86_64                                           4.8-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                               43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                 43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
akmods.noarch                                             0.5.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
alembic-libs.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.i686                                             1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.x86_64                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                            1.2.7.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                  2.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-ucm.noarch                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-utils.x86_64                                         1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alternatives.x86_64                                       1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
anaconda-core.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                          37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-live.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                 26.2-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                   37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
android-tools.x86_64                                      1:33.0.3p1-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
annobin-docs.noarch                                       12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                 12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                                1-10.fc37                            @updates                                   
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                      1.0.0.20211224-7.fc37                @fedora                                    
antiword.x86_64                                           0.37-34.fc37                         @fedora                                    
apache-commons-collections.noarch                         3.2.2-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                               3.12.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apparmor-libs.x86_64                                      3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-parser.x86_64                                    3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-profiles.noarch                                  3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-utils.x86_64                                     3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
appstream.x86_64                                          0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
appstream-data.noarch                                     37-7.fc37                            @updates                                   
appstream-qt.x86_64                                       0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
apr.x86_64                                                1.7.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util.x86_64                                           1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                       1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                   1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
arj.x86_64                                                3.10.22-37.fc37                      @fedora                                    
armadillo.x86_64                                          10.8.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
arpack.x86_64                                             3.8.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
aspell.x86_64                                             12:0.60.8-10.fc37                    @fedora                                    
aspell-en.x86_64                                          50:2020.12.07-6.fc37                 @fedora                                    
aspnetcore-runtime-7.0.x86_64                             7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                      7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
assimp.x86_64                                             5.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.i686                                          2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                        2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.i686                                         2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                       2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atheros-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
atk.i686                                                  2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atk.x86_64                                                2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atkmm.x86_64                                              2.28.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atmel-firmware.noarch                                     1.3-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
attr.x86_64                                               2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
audit.x86_64                                              3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
audit-libs.x86_64                                         3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
augeas-libs.x86_64                                        1.13.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
authselect.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
authselect-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
autocorr-en.noarch                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
avahi.x86_64                                              0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-glib.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                      0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.i686                                           0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-tools.x86_64                                        0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                       019-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                       5.2-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
babl.x86_64                                               0.1.92-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
baobab.x86_64                                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
basesystem.noarch                                         11-14.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bash.x86_64                                               5.2.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bash-completion.noarch                                    1:2.11-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bc.x86_64                                                 1.07.1-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
bcache-tools.x86_64                                       1.1-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bind-libs.x86_64                                          32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-license.noarch                                       32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-utils.x86_64                                         32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
binutils.x86_64                                           2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binutils-gold.x86_64                                      2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binwalk.noarch                                            2.3.3-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
bison.x86_64                                              3.8.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
blender.x86_64                                            1:3.5.1-1.fc37                       @nobara-appstream                          
blivet-data.noarch                                        1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                 2.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
blosc.x86_64                                              1.21.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bluez.x86_64                                              5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-cups.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.i686                                           5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                        5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bodhi-client.noarch                                       7.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bolt.x86_64                                               0.9.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
boost-atomic.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-chrono.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-date-time.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                   1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-locale.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-python3.x86_64                                      1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-regex.x86_64                                        1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-system.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-thread.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bouncycastle.noarch                                       1.70-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
brasero-libs.x86_64                                       3.12.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                                  5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
brlapi.x86_64                                             0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
brltty.x86_64                                             6.5-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                        6.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bubblewrap.x86_64                                         0.5.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
bzip2.x86_64                                              1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.i686                                           1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                         1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
c-ares.x86_64                                             1.19.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ca-certificates.noarch                                    2023.2.60-1.0.fc37                   @updates                                   
cabextract.x86_64                                         1.9.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
caca-utils.x86_64                                         0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
cairo.i686                                                1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo.x86_64                                              1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.i686                                        1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                      1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairomm.x86_64                                            1.14.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
capstone.x86_64                                           4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
catatonit.x86_64                                          0.1.7-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
catimg.x86_64                                             2.7.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                      10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                    10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cfitsio.x86_64                                            4.0.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
checkpolicy.x86_64                                        3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cheese.x86_64                                             2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
cheese-libs.x86_64                                        2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
chkconfig.x86_64                                          1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
chmlib.x86_64                                             0.40-27.fc37                         @fedora                                    
chrony.x86_64                                             4.3-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                         7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cjson.x86_64                                              1.7.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang.x86_64                                              15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-libs.x86_64                                         15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang13-libs.x86_64                                       13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang13-resource-filesystem.x86_64                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                              1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                          1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                               2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clucene-core.x86_64                                       2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clutter.x86_64                                            1.26.4-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                       3.0.27-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                        1.8.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                   3.26.4-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
cmrt.x86_64                                               1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
code.x86_64                                               1.80.2-1690491680.el7                @code                                      
cogl.x86_64                                               1.22.8-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
color-filesystem.noarch                                   1-29.fc37                            @fedora                                    
colord.x86_64                                             1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                        0.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.i686                                          1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.x86_64                                        1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
comgr.x86_64                                              2.4.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                     4.4.4-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                    5.1.5-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
compiler-rt.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
compsize.x86_64                                           1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
conmon.x86_64                                             2:2.1.7-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
container-selinux.noarch                                  2:2.219.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
containers-common.noarch                                  4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
containers-common-extra.noarch                            4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                   4.1-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
coreutils.x86_64                                          9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
coreutils-common.x86_64                                   9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
cpio.x86_64                                               2.13-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cpp.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
cracklib.x86_64                                           2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                     2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
createrepo_c.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
criu.x86_64                                               3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
criu-libs.x86_64                                          3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
crun.x86_64                                               1.8.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
crypto-policies.noarch                                    20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                            20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
cryptsetup.x86_64                                         2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ctags.x86_64                                              6.0.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cuda-nvcc.x86_64                                          1:12.0.76-1.fc37                     @nobara-appstream                          
cups.x86_64                                               1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-client.x86_64                                        1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filesystem.noarch                                    1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters.x86_64                                       1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                               1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                  1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                       1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.i686                                            1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.x86_64                                          1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                     0.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
curl.x86_64                                               7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
custom-device-pollrates.x86_64                            1.0.0-7.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
cxl-libs.x86_64                                           77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                  2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                       2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                     2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                   2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dash.x86_64                                               0.5.11.5-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                        77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus.x86_64                                               1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-broker.x86_64                                        33-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus-common.noarch                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                          0.112-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dbus-libs.i686                                            1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-tools.x86_64                                         1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-x11.x86_64                                           1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                       0.9.3-0.29.20160218.fc37             @fedora                                    
dcmtk.x86_64                                              3.6.7-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dconf.i686                                                0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf.x86_64                                              0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf-editor.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
debugedit.x86_64                                          5.0-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
dee.x86_64                                                1.2.7-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
default-editor.noarch                                     6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                  2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                             2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                 2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
deltarpm.x86_64                                           3.6.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                          37.0.0-11.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                 0.26-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
device-mapper.x86_64                                      1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                           1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                 1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                      0.9.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
devscripts-checkbashisms.x86_64                           2.22.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dhcp-client.x86_64                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dhcp-common.noarch                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
diffstat.x86_64                                           1.64-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
diffutils.x86_64                                          3.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
discord.x86_64                                            0.0.28-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                              1.89-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                     3.5.28-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                              0.3.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-core.x86_64                                        0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                    0.6.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-server.x86_64                                      0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dmidecode.x86_64                                          1:3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dmraid.x86_64                                             1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-events.x86_64                                      1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dnf.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-data.noarch                                           4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                   4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-utils.noarch                                          4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnsmasq.x86_64                                            2.89-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
docbook-dtds.noarch                                       1.0-80.fc37                          @fedora                                    
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                                  1.79.2-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
dos2unix.x86_64                                           7.4.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dosfstools.x86_64                                         4.2-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dotconf.x86_64                                            1.3-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dotnet-apphost-pack-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-host.x86_64                                        7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-hostfxr-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-runtime-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-sdk-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
dotnet-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                          7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-templates-7.0.x86_64                               7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
double-conversion.x86_64                                  3.1.5-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
doxygen.x86_64                                            2:1.9.5-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
draco.x86_64                                              1.5.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dracut.x86_64                                             059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                               059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-live.x86_64                                        059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-network.x86_64                                     059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-squash.x86_64                                      059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
drpm.x86_64                                               0.5.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
duktape.x86_64                                            2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dwz.x86_64                                                0.14-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dyninst.x86_64                                            12.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                          1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                                   0.2.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ed.x86_64                                                 1.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                                  0.12.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
efi-filesystem.noarch                                     5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efibootmgr.x86_64                                         18-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
efivar-libs.x86_64                                        38-6.fc37                            @updates                                   
egl-gbm.x86_64                                            1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
egl-wayland.x86_64                                        1.1.12-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
elfutils.x86_64                                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                         0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64                   0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                     0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.i686                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                    0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                              0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.i686                                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                   1:28.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
embree.x86_64                                             3.13.5-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
enchant.x86_64                                            1:1.6.0-31.fc37                      @fedora                                    
enchant2.x86_64                                           2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
enchant2-aspell.x86_64                                    2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
eog.x86_64                                                43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                                   1:43.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
espeak-ng.x86_64                                          1.51.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ethtool.x86_64                                            2:6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
evince.x86_64                                             43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-djvu.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-libs.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-previewer.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                 43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evolution-data-server.x86_64                              3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                    3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
exempi.x86_64                                             2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
exfatprogs.x86_64                                         1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
exiv2.x86_64                                              0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
expat.i686                                                2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
expat.x86_64                                              2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
faad2-libs.i686                                           1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
faad2-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
fakeroot.x86_64                                           1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                      1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fdk-aac-free.i686                                         2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                       2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                             3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                       3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gssapi.noarch                      3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                              1-3.fc37                             @fedora                                    
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-packager.noarch                                    0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-packager-kerberos.noarch                           0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-repos.noarch                                       37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-third-party.noarch                                 0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                     1.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fedpkg.noarch                                             1.44-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
ffmpeg.x86_64                                             5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.i686                                          5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                   3.3.10-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
file.x86_64                                               5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-libs.x86_64                                          5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-roller.x86_64                                        43.0-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
filesystem.x86_64                                         3.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
findutils.x86_64                                          1:4.9.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
firebird.x86_64                                           4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firebird-utils.x86_64                                     4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firefox.x86_64                                            114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                                  114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firewalld.noarch                                          1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                               1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
flac-libs.i686                                            1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flac-libs.x86_64                                          1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flashrom.x86_64                                           1.2-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
flatpak.x86_64                                            1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                       1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                    1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                             1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flex.x86_64                                               2.6.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
flexiblas.x86_64                                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                   3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                                 3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                        3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                             3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                                    2.3.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
flute.noarch                                              1.3.0-30.OOo31.fc37                  @fedora                                    
fmt.i686                                                  9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fmt.x86_64                                                9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
folks.x86_64                                              1:0.15.6-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
fontconfig.i686                                           2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fontconfig.x86_64                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                   1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                  1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic.x86_64                                           4.0.13-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic-db.noarch                                        4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                             4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                                   4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foremost.x86_64                                           1.5.7-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fpaste.noarch                                             0.4.3.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.3-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fprintd.x86_64                                            1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                        1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
freeglut.x86_64                                           3.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
freeipmi.x86_64                                           1.6.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                       2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
freetype.i686                                             2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freetype.x86_64                                           2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freexl.x86_64                                             1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fribidi.i686                                              1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fribidi.x86_64                                            1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fros.noarch                                               1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fros-gnome.noarch                                         1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fstrm.x86_64                                              0.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fuse.x86_64                                               2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-common.x86_64                                        3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-libs.x86_64                                          2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                     1.12-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fuse3.x86_64                                              3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                         3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fwupd.x86_64                                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                          1.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                         1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                     1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
game-music-emu.x86_64                                     0.6.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gamemode.i686                                             1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamemode.x86_64                                           1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamescope.x86_64                                          3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gamescope-libs.x86_64                                     3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gavl.x86_64                                               1.4.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gawk.x86_64                                               5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                 5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gc.x86_64                                                 8.0.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gcc.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-c++.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                     12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                 12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcr.x86_64                                                3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr-libs.x86_64                                           3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3.x86_64                                               3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3-base.x86_64                                          3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gd.i686                                                   2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gd.x86_64                                                 2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gdal-libs.x86_64                                          3.5.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdb.x86_64                                                13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdb-headless.x86_64                                       13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdbm-libs.i686                                            1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdcm.x86_64                                               3.0.21-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
gdisk.x86_64                                              1.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                          2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                        2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                                  2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                                2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                                   2.40.2-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdm.x86_64                                                1:43.0-4.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                              10.24-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gedit.x86_64                                              2:43~alpha-4.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
gegl04.x86_64                                             0.4.44-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
geoclue2.x86_64                                           2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                      2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geocode-glib.x86_64                                       3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                                  3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                      3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geolite2-city.noarch                                      20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geolite2-country.noarch                                   20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geos.x86_64                                               3.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gettext.x86_64                                            0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                                   0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-runtime.x86_64                                    0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gfbgraph.x86_64                                           0.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gh.x86_64                                                 2.30.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghc-base.x86_64                                           4.14.3.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                                    
ghc-mountpoints.x86_64                                    1.0.2-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ghostscript.x86_64                                        9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                            9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                         9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
giflib.x86_64                                             5.2.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
git-core.x86_64                                           2.41.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gjs.x86_64                                                1.74.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
glfw.i686                                                 1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glfw.x86_64                                               1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glib-networking.i686                                      2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib-networking.x86_64                                    2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib2.i686                                                2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2.x86_64                                              2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2-devel.x86_64                                        2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glibc.i686                                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc.x86_64                                              2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-common.x86_64                                       2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-devel.x86_64                                        2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                    2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                          2.66.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glx-utils.x86_64                                          8.4.0-14.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc37     @fedora                                    
gmp.i686                                                  1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gmp.x86_64                                                1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5-1.fc37                             @updates                                   
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                         1.4.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                       0.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                    1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                            42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                   43.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                     43.1-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-characters.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-classic-session.noarch                              43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                                3.36.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-connections.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                     43.0-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-control-center.x86_64                               43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                    43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                 43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-extension-manager.x86_64                            0.4.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                                   3.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                                43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                      42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                  42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-logs.x86_64                                         43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-maps.x86_64                                         43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-menus.x86_64                                        3.36.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                              3.46.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                                3.34.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                  
gnome-photos.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                               43.4-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-session.x86_64                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                              43.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell.x86_64                                        43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch                 46-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                    43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-arc-menu.noarch                     33-16.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch              43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-blur-my-shell.noarch                44-4.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-clipboard-history.noarch            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                       43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-custom-accent-colors.noarch         6-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-panel.noarch                56-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch                47.0.2-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-gamemode.noarch                     8-3.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch          43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell.noarch                    1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell-shortcut-overrides.noarch 1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-quick-settings-tweaker.noarch       1.15-2.git.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-supergfxctl-gex.noarch              5.0.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-wireless-hid.noarch                 8-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-nobara-theming.noarch                         1-11.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-software.x86_64                                     43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                               42.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                     3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                            3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                                  43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-tour.x86_64                                         43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                       42~beta-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                    43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-user-share.x86_64                                   43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-video-effects.noarch                                0.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-weather.noarch                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnupg2.x86_64                                             2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.i686                                               3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.x86_64                                             3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                     3.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gobject-introspection.x86_64                              1.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gom.x86_64                                                0.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
google-benchmark.x86_64                                   1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                               1.103-0.19.20130920.fc37             @fedora                                    
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                            20200215-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                       20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                      20220916-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                           20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                     20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                        20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                          20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
goverlay.x86_64                                           0.9.1-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gpgme.x86_64                                              1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                            1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpm-libs.x86_64                                           1.20.7-41.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphene.i686                                             1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphene.x86_64                                           1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphite2.i686                                            1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphite2.x86_64                                          1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphviz.x86_64                                           5.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
grep.x86_64                                               3.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
grilo.x86_64                                              0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                      0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
groff-base.x86_64                                         1.22.4-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
grub2-common.noarch                                       1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                     1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                              1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                      1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                               1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc.x86_64                                           1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                   1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools.x86_64                                        1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                    1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                  1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grubby.x86_64                                             8.40-66.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                          43.0-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gsl.x86_64                                                2.6-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gsm.i686                                                  1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsm.x86_64                                                1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsound.x86_64                                             1.0.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gspell.x86_64                                             1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gssdp.i686                                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gssdp.x86_64                                              1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gstreamer1.i686                                           1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1.x86_64                                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.i686                              1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                            1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                         1.20.3-3.fc37                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                          1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.i686                     1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64                   1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.i686                              1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                            1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-vaapi.x86_64                                   1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                              3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                           1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gtk2.i686                                                 2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2.x86_64                                               2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                       2.20.2-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gtk3.i686                                                 3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk3.x86_64                                               3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk4.x86_64                                               4.8.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                           3.24.7-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                     4.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                     5.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gts.x86_64                                                0.7.6-42.20121130.fc37               @fedora                                    
guile22.x86_64                                            2.2.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp.i686                                                1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp.x86_64                                              1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp-av.x86_64                                           0.14.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                         0.12.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.i686                                            1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                          1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint.x86_64                                         5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvfs.x86_64                                               1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-client.x86_64                                        1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvnc.x86_64                                               1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvncpulse.x86_64                                          1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gzip.x86_64                                               1.12-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.i686                                             5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.x86_64                                           5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                       5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat.x86_64                                            6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat-doc.noarch                                        6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hddtemp.x86_64                                            0.3-0.51.beta15.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hdf-libs.x86_64                                           4.2.15-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hdf5.x86_64                                               1.12.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hexedit.x86_64                                            1.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                      540.1.linux3-27.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                 0.17-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                            3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highway.i686                                              1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
highway.x86_64                                            1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hip-devel.x86_64                                          5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-doc.x86_64                                            5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-runtime-amd.x86_64                                    5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-samples.x86_64                                        5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hipify-clang.x86_64                                       15.0.0.50403-121.el9                 @nobara-rocm-official                      
hostname.x86_64                                           3.23-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
hplip.x86_64                                              3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-common.x86_64                                       3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-gui.x86_64                                          3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-libs.x86_64                                         3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hsa-rocr.x86_64                                           1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsa-rocr-devel.x86_64                                     1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsakmt-roct-devel.x86_64                                  20221020.0.2.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
hspell.x86_64                                             1.4-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                                   1:1.001-7.20200428git336a529.fc37    @fedora                                    
http-parser.x86_64                                        2.9.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
httpd.x86_64                                              2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-core.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                   2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-tools.x86_64                                        2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hunspell.x86_64                                           1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hunspell-en.noarch                                        0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                                1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hwdata.noarch                                             0.371-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                         2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                     0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                             0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                       0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervvssd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyphen.x86_64                                             2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hyphen-en.noarch                                          2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
i2c-tools.x86_64                                          4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ibus.x86_64                                               1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                         1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                  1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                        1.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                     1.13.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libs.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                          1.4.19-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-setup.noarch                                         1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                                2.23.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                   3.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ilbc.x86_64                                               3.0.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                      1.4-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
imath.x86_64                                              3.1.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
imlib2.x86_64                                             1.7.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
info.x86_64                                               6.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
inih.i686                                                 56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
inih.x86_64                                               56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
iniparser.x86_64                                          4.1-11.fc37                          @updates                                   
initscripts.x86_64                                        10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                          10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-service.noarch                                10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
inkscape.x86_64                                           1.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
inotify-tools.x86_64                                      3.22.1.0-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                       22.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                                 20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
intel-media-driver.x86_64                                 22.5.4-3.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                     22.5.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
inxi.noarch                                               3.3.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ipcalc.x86_64                                             1.0.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ipmitool.x86_64                                           1.8.18-26.fc37                       @fedora                                    
iproute.x86_64                                            5.18.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ipset.x86_64                                              7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ipset-libs.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
iptables-libs.x86_64                                      1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptables-nft.x86_64                                       1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptstate.x86_64                                           2.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iputils.x86_64                                            20221126-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                     20220210-2.git64113751.fc37          @fedora                                    
irrXML.x86_64                                             1.8.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                              6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                     6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                    0.101-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iso-codes.noarch                                          4.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
isomd5sum.x86_64                                          1:1.2.3-17.fc37                      @fedora                                    
iw.x86_64                                                 5.9-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
jansson.x86_64                                            2.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jasper-libs.x86_64                                        3.0.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                                    1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                           1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                            6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javapackages-tools.noarch                                 6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                      0.19-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.i686                                         2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                       2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jemalloc.x86_64                                           5.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
john.x86_64                                               1.8.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                    0.003-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jq.x86_64                                                 1.6-14.fc37                          @fedora                                    
js-jquery.noarch                                          3.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-c.i686                                               0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-c.x86_64                                             0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-glib.i686                                            1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-glib.x86_64                                          1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
jsoncpp.x86_64                                            1.9.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                        1:7.222-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
jwhois.x86_64                                             4.0-68.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                  1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                              22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                                22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kasumi-common.noarch                                      2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                     2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kbd.x86_64                                                2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-legacy.noarch                                         2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-misc.noarch                                           2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                     4-68.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kde-settings.noarch                                       37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kdecoration.x86_64                                        5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kernel.x86_64                                             6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-headers.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1.0-16.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kexec-tools.x86_64                                        2.0.25-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keybinder3.x86_64                                         0.3.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keyutils.x86_64                                           1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.i686                                        1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kf5-attica.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                           5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                      5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                                 5.105.0-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                            5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                           5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                      22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-solid.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-syndication.x86_64                                    1:5.105.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                              5.0-36.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kmod.x86_64                                               30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmod-libs.x86_64                                          30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmodtool.noarch                                           1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
koji.noarch                                               1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kpartx.x86_64                                             0.9.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
krb5-libs.i686                                            1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                          1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                        1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                   1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
ladspa.x86_64                                             1.13-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lame-libs.i686                                            3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lame-libs.x86_64                                          3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                  3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                             3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-en.noarch                                       3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langtable.noarch                                          0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lasi.x86_64                                               1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lato-fonts.noarch                                         2.015-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lcms2.i686                                                2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
lcms2.x86_64                                              2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
leptonica.x86_64                                          1.82.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
less.x86_64                                               633-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libFAudio.i686                                            23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libFAudio.x86_64                                          23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libGLEW.i686                                              2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libGLEW.x86_64                                            2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libICE.i686                                               1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libICE.x86_64                                             1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.i686                                                1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.x86_64                                              1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libX11.i686                                               1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11.x86_64                                             1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-common.noarch                                      1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-devel.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.i686                                           1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                         1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libXScrnSaver.i686                                        1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                      1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.i686                                               1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.x86_64                                             1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXaw.x86_64                                             1.0.14-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.i686                                        0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.x86_64                                      0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.i686                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.x86_64                                         1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.i686                                           1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.x86_64                                         1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdmcp.x86_64                                           1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.i686                                              1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.x86_64                                            1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.i686                                            6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.x86_64                                          6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfont2.x86_64                                          2.0.3-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXft.i686                                               2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXft.x86_64                                             2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXi.i686                                                1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXi.x86_64                                              1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXinerama.i686                                          1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXinerama.x86_64                                        1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXmu.x86_64                                             1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXpm.i686                                               3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpm.x86_64                                             3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpresent.x86_64                                        1.0.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXrandr.i686                                            1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrandr.x86_64                                          1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrender.i686                                           0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXrender.x86_64                                         0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXres.x86_64                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXt.x86_64                                              1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXtst.i686                                              1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXtst.x86_64                                            1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXv.i686                                                1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXv.x86_64                                              1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXvMC.x86_64                                            1.0.12-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                        1.1.5-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.i686                                           1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                         1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.i686                                               0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.x86_64                                             0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libabw.x86_64                                             0.1.3-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                                   1.25-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                                    1.16-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libacl.x86_64                                             2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita.x86_64                                         1.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaec.x86_64                                             1.0.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaio.x86_64                                             0.3.111-14.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libao.x86_64                                              1.2.0-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libaom.i686                                               3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libaom.x86_64                                             3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libappindicator.x86_64                                    12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                               12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                  0.8.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libarchive.x86_64                                         3.6.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libargon2.x86_64                                          20190702-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                        2.3.21-28.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libass.i686                                               0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libass.x86_64                                             0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libassuan.x86_64                                          2.5.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libasyncns.i686                                           0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libasyncns.x86_64                                         0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libatasmart.x86_64                                        0.19-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libatomic.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libatomic.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libattr.i686                                              2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libattr.x86_64                                            2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libavc1394.x86_64                                         0.5.4-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libavdevice.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libavif.i686                                              0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libavif.x86_64                                            0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libb2.x86_64                                              0.98.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                      1.5.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbase.noarch                                            1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                    0.1.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblockdev.x86_64                                        2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libbluray.i686                                            1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbluray.x86_64                                          1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbpf.x86_64                                             2:0.8.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libbrotli.i686                                            1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbrotli.x86_64                                          1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbs2b.x86_64                                            3.1.0-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbsd.x86_64                                             0.11.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                        2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libcaca.x86_64                                            0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
libcanberra.i686                                          0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra.x86_64                                        0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap.i686                                               2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap.x86_64                                             2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap-ng.x86_64                                          0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                  0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcbor.x86_64                                            0.7.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcddb.x86_64                                            1.3.2-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcdio.i686                                              2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio.x86_64                                            2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                   10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libcdr.x86_64                                             0.1.7-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libchamplain.x86_64                                       0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                   0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchromaprint.x86_64                                     1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.i686                                    0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                  0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcmis.x86_64                                            0.5.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcollection.x86_64                                      0.7.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.i686                                           1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.x86_64                                         1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcomps.x86_64                                           0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcue.x86_64                                             2.2.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcurl.i686                                              7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcurl.x86_64                                            7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxx.x86_64                                             15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxxabi.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdaemon.x86_64                                          0.14-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdap.x86_64                                             3.20.10-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdatrie.i686                                            0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdatrie.x86_64                                          0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdav1d.i686                                             1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdav1d.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdazzle.x86_64                                          3.44.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdb.x86_64                                              5.3.28-53.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.i686                                          16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                        16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                     16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdc1394.x86_64                                          2.2.6-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdca.i686                                               0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdca.x86_64                                             0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libde265.i686                                             1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libde265.x86_64                                           1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libdecor.i686                                             0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdecor.x86_64                                           0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdhash.x86_64                                           0.5.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                     2.9.42-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                                    3.9.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmx.x86_64                                             1.1.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdnf.x86_64                                             0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdrm.i686                                               2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libdrm.x86_64                                             2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                       2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                          1.3.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.i686                                            6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.x86_64                                          6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.i686                                           6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.x86_64                                         6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libe-book.x86_64                                          0.1.3-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libebml.x86_64                                            1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libeconf.x86_64                                           0.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libedit.i686                                              3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libedit.x86_64                                            3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libeot.x86_64                                             0.01-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libepoxy.i686                                             1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepoxy.x86_64                                           1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepubgen.x86_64                                         0.1.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                            1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                            2:1.07.6-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                          2:20230625-151.fc37                  @updates                                   
libetonyek.x86_64                                         0.1.10-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevdev.x86_64                                           1.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.i686                                             2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.x86_64                                           2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.i686                                              0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.x86_64                                            0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexttextcat.x86_64                                      3.4.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfbclient2.x86_64                                       4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libfdisk.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libffi.i686                                               3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi.x86_64                                             3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi-devel.x86_64                                       3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libfido2.x86_64                                           1.11.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfontenc.x86_64                                         1.1.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfonts.noarch                                           1.1.3-39.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libformula.noarch                                         1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfprint.x86_64                                          1.94.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                        0.1.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libfreehand.x86_64                                        0.1.2-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfsverity.x86_64                                        1.4-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftdi.x86_64                                            1.5-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftl.x86_64                                             0.9.14-11.fc37                       @rpmfusion-free                            
libgcab1.x86_64                                           1.5-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgcc.i686                                               12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcc.x86_64                                             12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcrypt.i686                                            1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgcrypt.x86_64                                          1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdata.x86_64                                           0.18.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdither.x86_64                                         0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgee.x86_64                                             0.20.6-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgeotiff.x86_64                                         1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgexiv2.x86_64                                          0.14.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgfortran.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgit2.x86_64                                            1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libglvnd.i686                                             1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd.x86_64                                           1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                                1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                     1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-egl.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-gles.i686                                        1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-glx.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-opengl.i686                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                    1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                        3.28.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgomp.i686                                              12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgomp.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgpg-error.i686                                         1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                       1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgphoto2.i686                                           2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgphoto2.x86_64                                         2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgpod.x86_64                                            0.8.3-42.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgrss.x86_64                                            0.7.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgs.x86_64                                              9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgsf.x86_64                                             1.14.47-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libgta.x86_64                                             1.2.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgtop2.x86_64                                           2.40.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgudev.i686                                             237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgudev.x86_64                                           237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgusb.i686                                              0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgusb.x86_64                                            0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgweather.x86_64                                        40.0-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgweather4.x86_64                                       4.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgxps.x86_64                                            0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libhandy.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libhangul.x86_64                                          0.1.0-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libharu.x86_64                                            2.3.0-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libi2c.x86_64                                             4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libib-util.x86_64                                         4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libibverbs.i686                                           41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libibverbs.x86_64                                         41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libical.x86_64                                            3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libical-glib.x86_64                                       3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libicu.i686                                               71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libicu.x86_64                                             71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn.x86_64                                             1.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn2.i686                                              2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libidn2.x86_64                                            2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libieee1284.i686                                          0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libieee1284.x86_64                                        0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libijs.x86_64                                             0.35-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libimagequant.i686                                        2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimagequant.x86_64                                      2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                   1.3.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                  12.10.1-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libini_config.x86_64                                      1.3.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libinput.x86_64                                           1.22.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libinstpatch.x86_64                                       1.1.6-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libipt.x86_64                                             2.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libiptcdata.x86_64                                        1.0.5-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libjaylink.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjcat.x86_64                                            0.1.13-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                        2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                      2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjxl.i686                                               1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libjxl.x86_64                                             1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkadm5.x86_64                                           1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkate.x86_64                                            0.4.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libkcapi.x86_64                                           1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                  1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkml.x86_64                                             1.3.0-40.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libksba.x86_64                                            1.6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblangtag.x86_64                                         0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblangtag-data.noarch                                    0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblayout.noarch                                          0.2.10-29.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libldac.i686                                              2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldac.x86_64                                            2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldb.x86_64                                             2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblerc.x86_64                                            4.0.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libliftoff.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libloader.noarch                                          1.1.3-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouis.x86_64                                           3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                     3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                      2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                                2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblqr-1.x86_64                                           0.4.2-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmad.x86_64                                             0.15.1b-34.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libmanette.x86_64                                         0.2.6-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmarkdown.x86_64                                        2.2.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmatroska.x86_64                                        1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                       1.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmbim.x86_64                                            1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                      1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmcrypt.x86_64                                          2.5.8-32.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmd.x86_64                                              1.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmediaart.x86_64                                        1.9.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmediainfo.x86_64                                       23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmetalink.x86_64                                        0.1.3-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmicrodns.x86_64                                        0.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmng.x86_64                                             2.0.3-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmnl.x86_64                                             1.0.5-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmodplug.i686                                           1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodplug.x86_64                                         1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodulemd.x86_64                                        2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libmount.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpc.x86_64                                             1.2.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmpcdec.x86_64                                          1.2.6-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.i686                                             0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.x86_64                                           0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmspack.x86_64                                          0.10.1-0.8.alpha.fc37                @fedora                                    
libmspub.x86_64                                           0.1.4-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmtp.x86_64                                             1.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmwaw.x86_64                                            0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmysofa.i686                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmysofa.x86_64                                          1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libndp.x86_64                                             1.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnet.x86_64                                             1.2-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnetapi.x86_64                                          2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                             1.0.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                       1.0.1-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnftnl.x86_64                                           1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnghttp2.i686                                           1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                         1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnice.i686                                              0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnice.x86_64                                            0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnl3.i686                                               3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3.x86_64                                             3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                         3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnma.x86_64                                             1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                        1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnotify.x86_64                                          0.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libnsl.i686                                               2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libnsl.x86_64                                             2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
libnsl2.i686                                              2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnsl2.x86_64                                            2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnumbertext.x86_64                                      1.0.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liboauth.x86_64                                           1.0.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libodfgen.x86_64                                          0.1.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libogg.i686                                               2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libogg.x86_64                                             2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libomp.x86_64                                             15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libomp-devel.x86_64                                       15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.i686                                           0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.x86_64                                         0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liborcus.x86_64                                           0.17.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libosinfo.x86_64                                          1.10.0-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                                       0.0.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpaper.x86_64                                           1.1.28-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                        2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libpath_utils.x86_64                                      0.2.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpcap.i686                                              14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpcap.x86_64                                            14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpciaccess.i686                                         0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                       0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                                 0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpeas.x86_64                                            1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                        1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                             1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libphonenumber.x86_64                                     8.12.57-6.fc37                       @updates                                   
libpinyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpipeline.x86_64                                        1.5.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpkgconf.x86_64                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libplacebo.i686                                           4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplacebo.x86_64                                         4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplist.x86_64                                           2.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpng.i686                                               2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng.x86_64                                             2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng12.i686                                             1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libpng12.x86_64                                           1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libportal.x86_64                                          0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libpq.x86_64                                              14.3-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libproxy.i686                                             0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy.x86_64                                           0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                                   0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpskc.x86_64                                            2.6.7-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpsl.i686                                               0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpsl.x86_64                                             0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpwquality.x86_64                                       1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqhull_r.x86_64                                         1:7.2.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libqmi.x86_64                                             1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                       1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                                    1.8.0-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                       1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libquadmath.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                                  12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqxp.x86_64                                             0.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libraqm.x86_64                                            0.8.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libraw1394.x86_64                                         2.1.2-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libref_array.x86_64                                       0.1.5-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libreoffice.x86_64                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-base.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-data.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                          1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                            1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-math.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                       1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                                  1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                                 1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
librepo.x86_64                                            1.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libreport.x86_64                                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-fedora.x86_64                                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-filesystem.noarch                               2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                        2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                            2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                    2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                           2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-web.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
librepository.noarch                                      1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libretls.x86_64                                           3.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librevenge.x86_64                                         0.0.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
librist.x86_64                                            0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librsvg2.i686                                             2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librsvg2.x86_64                                           2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librtmp.i686                                              2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librtmp.x86_64                                            2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librttopo.x86_64                                          1.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsamplerate.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                    0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                      3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libsbc.i686                                               1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libsbc.x86_64                                             1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libseat.x86_64                                            0.7.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
libseccomp.x86_64                                         2.5.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsecret.x86_64                                          0.20.5-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libselinux.i686                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux.x86_64                                         3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsemanage.x86_64                                        3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.i686                                             3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.x86_64                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                     3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libserf.x86_64                                            1.3.9-27.fc37                        @updates                                   
libserializer.noarch                                      1.1.2-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libshaderc.i686                                           2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshaderc.x86_64                                         2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshout.i686                                             2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshout.x86_64                                           2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshumate.x86_64                                         1.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsigc++20.x86_64                                        2.10.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsigsegv.x86_64                                         2.14-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libslirp.x86_64                                           4.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmartcols.x86_64                                       2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libsmbios.x86_64                                          2.4.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmi.x86_64                                             0.4.8-31.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsndfile.i686                                           1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsndfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsodium.x86_64                                          1.0.18-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsolv.x86_64                                            0.7.22-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.i686                                              2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.x86_64                                            2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup3.i686                                             3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsoup3.x86_64                                           3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libspatialaudio.x86_64                                    3.1-7.20200406gitd926a2e.fc37        @fedora                                    
libspatialite.x86_64                                      5.0.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libspectre.x86_64                                         0.2.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libspnav.x86_64                                           1.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsquish.x86_64                                          1.15-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.i686                                              2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.x86_64                                            2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libss.x86_64                                              1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libssh.i686                                               0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh.x86_64                                             0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh-config.noarch                                      0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh2.x86_64                                            1.10.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                       2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libstaroffice.x86_64                                      0.0.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libstdc++.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                    12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstemmer.i686                                           0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libstemmer.x86_64                                         0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libtalloc.x86_64                                          2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtasn1.i686                                             4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtasn1.x86_64                                           4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtdb.i686                                               1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtdb.x86_64                                             1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libteam.x86_64                                            1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libtevent.x86_64                                          0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.i686                                              0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.x86_64                                            0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtheora.i686                                            1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtheora.x86_64                                          1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtiff.i686                                              4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiff.x86_64                                            4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiger.x86_64                                           0.3.4-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                     0.4.5.2-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtirpc.i686                                             1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtirpc.x86_64                                           1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                        1.18.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtommath.x86_64                                         1.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.i686                                         2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                       2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtracker-sparql.i686                                    3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                  3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libubsan.x86_64                                           12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libudfread.i686                                           1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudfread.x86_64                                         1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudisks2.x86_64                                         2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libunistring.i686                                         1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunistring.x86_64                                       1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunity.x86_64                                           7.1.4-30.20190319.fc37               @fedora                                    
libunwind.i686                                            1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libunwind.x86_64                                          1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libupnp.x86_64                                            1.14.17-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
liburing.x86_64                                           2.3-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                                  0.1.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libusb1.i686                                              1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusb1.x86_64                                            1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                         2.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuser.x86_64                                            0.63-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libutempter.x86_64                                        1.2.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuuid.i686                                              2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuuid.x86_64                                            2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuv.x86_64                                              1:1.44.2-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libv4l.i686                                               1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libv4l.x86_64                                             1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.i686                                                2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.x86_64                                              2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                                 2.4.1-9.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libva-intel-hybrid-driver.x86_64                          1.0.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvdpau.i686                                             1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libvdpau.x86_64                                           1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libverto.i686                                             0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libverto.x86_64                                           0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvisio.x86_64                                           0.1.7-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvisual.i686                                            1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvisual.x86_64                                          1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvmaf.x86_64                                            2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvncserver.x86_64                                       0.9.13-13.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvoikko.x86_64                                          4.3.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvorbis.i686                                            1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvorbis.x86_64                                          1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvpx.i686                                               1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvpx.x86_64                                             1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwacom.x86_64                                           2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwacom-data.noarch                                      2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwayland-client.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-client.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.i686                                       1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                     1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwbclient.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwebp.i686                                              1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwebp.x86_64                                            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwinpr.x86_64                                           2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                        0.2.12-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwnck3.x86_64                                           43.0-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
libwpd.x86_64                                             0.10.3-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libwpe.x86_64                                             1.14.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwpg.x86_64                                             0.3.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libwps.x86_64                                             0.4.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libxcb.i686                                               1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb.x86_64                                             1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcrypt.i686                                            4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt.x86_64                                          4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.i686                                     4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                   4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                    4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcvt.x86_64                                            0.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.i686                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                       1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                   1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxklavier.x86_64                                        5.4-21.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxml2.i686                                              2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxml2.x86_64                                            2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxmlb.x86_64                                            0.3.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxshmfence.i686                                         1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxshmfence.x86_64                                       1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxslt.x86_64                                            1.1.38-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libyaml.x86_64                                            0.2.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libyubikey.x86_64                                         1.13-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzen.x86_64                                             0.4.41-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzip.x86_64                                             1.9.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzmf.x86_64                                             0.0.2-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libzstd.i686                                              1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd.x86_64                                            1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                      1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lilv-libs.i686                                            0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lilv-libs.x86_64                                          0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
linux-firmware.noarch                                     20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                              20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
lirc-libs.x86_64                                          0.10.0-37.fc37                       @fedora                                    
live555.x86_64                                            2023.03.30-1.fc37                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                       1.0.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
llvm.x86_64                                               15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.i686                                            15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm13-libs.x86_64                                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors.x86_64                                         3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                      3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                    3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lmdb.x86_64                                               0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                          0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lockdev.i686                                              1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
lockdev.x86_64                                            1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
logrotate.x86_64                                          3.20.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                               2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                             2.95.5-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                               2.92.4-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                2.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                                2.94.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                   2.91.2-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                  2.91.3-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                 2.5.5-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                 2.1-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpf.noarch                                                0.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpsolve.x86_64                                            5.5.2.0-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lrzsz.x86_64                                              0.12.20-56.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lsof.x86_64                                               4.94.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lttng-ust.x86_64                                          2.13.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lua.x86_64                                                5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-libs.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-posix.x86_64                                          35.1-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
luajit.x86_64                                             2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc37                 @updates                                   
lutris.x86_64                                             0.5.13-9.git.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
lv2.x86_64                                                1.18.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lvm2.x86_64                                               2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                         2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                          2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lz4-libs.i686                                             1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lz4-libs.x86_64                                           1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lzo.x86_64                                                2.10-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lzop.x86_64                                               1.04-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
m17n-db.noarch                                            1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m17n-lib.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m4.x86_64                                                 1.4.19-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mactel-boot.x86_64                                        0.9-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mailcap.noarch                                            2.1.53-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
make.x86_64                                               1:4.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent.x86_64                                         0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-control.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                    0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-db.x86_64                                             2.10.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-pages.noarch                                          5.13-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mangohud.i686                                             0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mangohud.x86_64                                           0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
mariadb.x86_64                                            3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-common.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                                3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                         3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64                    3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                   3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                              3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                               3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
material-icons-fonts.noarch                               4.0.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mbedtls.x86_64                                            2.28.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mcelog.x86_64                                             3:175-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mdadm.x86_64                                              4.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
media-player-info.noarch                                  23-11.fc37                           @fedora                                    
mediainfo.x86_64                                          23.04-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
mediawriter.x86_64                                        5.0.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
memstrack.x86_64                                          0.2.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
memtest86+.x86_64                                         5.31-0.7.beta.fc37                   @fedora                                    
mesa-demos.x86_64                                         8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36     @anaconda                                  
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                   23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-filesystem.i686                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                    23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libEGL.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGL.i686                                           23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                         23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                        9.0.2-0.1.20221226.gitcbbff88.fc37   @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                       23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libgbm.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libglapi.i686                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                  23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.i686                            23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                                  23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                                23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos                             
meson.noarch                                              1.0.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mhash.x86_64                                              0.9.9.9-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                      2:2.1-53.1.fc37                      @updates                                   
minizip.x86_64                                            3.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
minizip-compat.x86_64                                     1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mjpegtools-libs.i686                                      2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mkfontscale.x86_64                                        1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mkpasswd.x86_64                                           5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                     20220725-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
mock.noarch                                               4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mock-core-configs.noarch                                  38.6-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
mock-filesystem.noarch                                    4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                          0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mod_http2.x86_64                                          2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mod_lua.x86_64                                            2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mokutil.x86_64                                            2:0.6.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                 1.9-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                                   2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
mozjs102.x86_64                                           102.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
mozjs91.x86_64                                            91.13.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mpage.x86_64                                              2.5.7-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpdecimal.x86_64                                          2.5.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mpfr.x86_64                                               4.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpg123-libs.i686                                          1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                        1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpv.x86_64                                                0.35.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-bc-fonts.noarch                                    3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-edwin-fonts.noarch                                 3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts.noarch                                       3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts-all.noarch                                   3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-gootville-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-leland-fonts.noarch                                3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretab-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretext-fonts.noarch                            3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-musejazz-fonts.noarch                              3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                                    20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
mtd-utils.x86_64                                          2.1.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtdev.x86_64                                              1.1.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtools.x86_64                                             4.0.43-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mtr.x86_64                                                2:0.95-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
mutter.x86_64                                             43.2.vrr.11-2.fc37                   @nobara-baseos                             
mysql-selinux.noarch                                      1.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mythes.x86_64                                             1.2.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mythes-en.noarch                                          3.0-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
nano.x86_64                                               6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nano-default-editor.noarch                                6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nautilus.x86_64                                           43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-admin.noarch                                     1.1.9-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                                43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-python.x86_64                                    4.0-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ncurses.x86_64                                            6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-base.noarch                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.i686                                         6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ndctl.x86_64                                              77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                         77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
neofetch.noarch                                           7.1.0-10.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                      1:5.9.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
net-tools.x86_64                                          2.0-0.64.20160912git.fc37            @updates                                   
netavark.x86_64                                           1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcat.x86_64                                             1.225-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcdf.x86_64                                             4.9.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
netpbm.x86_64                                             11.02.00-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nettle.i686                                               3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nettle.x86_64                                             3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
newt.x86_64                                               0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nftables.x86_64                                           1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                                    3-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ninja-build.x86_64                                        1.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                               1.28.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap.x86_64                                               3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                          3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nobara-amdgpu-config.x86_64                               2.1-0.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-bookmarks.noarch                                   37-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-controller-config.noarch                           1.0-6.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login.noarch                                       1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-config.noarch                                1.1-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-sysctl.noarch                                1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos.noarch                                       36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos-httpd.noarch                                 36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-nvidia-wizard.noarch                               1.1-12.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-common.noarch                              37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-identity-workstation.noarch                37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-workstation.noarch                         37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-repos.noarch                                       37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-welcome.noarch                                     2.5-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nodejs.x86_64                                             1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-docs.noarch                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                   1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                         1:9.5.1-1.18.16.0.8.fc37             @updates                                   
nordvpn.x86_64                                            3.16.3-1                             @repo.nordvpn.com_yum_nordvpn_centos_x86_64
npth.x86_64                                               1.6-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nspr.i686                                                 4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nspr.x86_64                                               4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.i686                                                  3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.x86_64                                                3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-mdns.i686                                             0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-mdns.x86_64                                           0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-softokn.i686                                          3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                                   3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                 3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.i686                                             3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.x86_64                                           3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                            2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                         1.0-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                          2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
numactl.x86_64                                            2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.i686                                         2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.x86_64                                       2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.i686                               1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.x86_64                             1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
obs-studio-libs.x86_64                                    29.1.3-5.20230709.c58e511.fc37       @nobara-appstream                          
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                  7-2.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.i686                                              2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.x86_64                                            2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ogdi.x86_64                                               4.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
oidn-libs.x86_64                                          1.4.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
okular.x86_64                                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-libs.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-part.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
oneapi-level-zero.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ongres-scram.noarch                                       2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-scram-client.noarch                                2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-stringprep.noarch                                  1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
oniguruma.x86_64                                          6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37     @fedora                                    
onlyoffice-desktopeditors.x86_64                          7.4.0-163.el7                        @nobara-onlyoffice                         
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                    1.10-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                      12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                              12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                        1.6.70-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openal-soft.i686                                          1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openal-soft.x86_64                                        1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openblas.x86_64                                           0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                                  0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-serial.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                               2-12.fc37                            @fedora                                    
opencl-filesystem.noarch                                  1.0-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencolorio1.x86_64                                       1.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openconnect.x86_64                                        9.01-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencore-amr.i686                                         0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencore-amr.x86_64                                       0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencv-core.x86_64                                        4.6.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openexr-libs.x86_64                                       3.1.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openh264.x86_64                                           2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
openjpeg2.i686                                            2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openjpeg2.x86_64                                          2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openldap.i686                                             2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap.x86_64                                           2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap-compat.x86_64                                    2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openmp-extras-runtime.x86_64                              15.54.0.50403-121.el9                @nobara-rocm-official                      
openpgl.x86_64                                            0.4.1-0.1.beta.fc37                  @updates                                   
openpgm.x86_64                                            5.2.122-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
opensc.x86_64                                             0.23.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openshadinglanguage-libs.x86_64                           1.12.10.0-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
openssh.x86_64                                            8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-clients.x86_64                                    8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-server.x86_64                                     8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssl.x86_64                                            1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-devel.x86_64                                      1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.i686                                         1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                       1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                       0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                     0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opensubdiv.x86_64                                         3.5.0-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                       10.0.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
openvpn.x86_64                                            2.5.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openxr-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
opus.i686                                                 1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opus.x86_64                                               1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.i686                                                  0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.x86_64                                                0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orca.noarch                                               43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
os-prober.x86_64                                          1.81-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
osinfo-db.noarch                                          20230518-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                    1.10.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree.x86_64                                             2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree-libs.x86_64                                        2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
p11-kit.i686                                              0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit.x86_64                                            0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                     0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                      0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip.x86_64                                              16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                      16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                          0.5-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                          6.0-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pam.x86_64                                                1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam_afs_session.x86_64                                    2.6-17.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                       2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pango.i686                                                1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pango.x86_64                                              1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pangomm.x86_64                                            2.46.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
papirus-icon-theme.noarch                                 20230301-2.fc37                      @updates                                   
paps.x86_64                                               0.7.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
parted.x86_64                                             3.5-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
partio-libs.x86_64                                        1.14.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
passt.x86_64                                              0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passt-selinux.noarch                                      0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passwd.x86_64                                             0.80-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
passwdqc.x86_64                                           2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
patch.x86_64                                              2.7.6-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
patchutils.x86_64                                         0.4.2-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pavucontrol.x86_64                                        5.0-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                         1.1-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pciutils.x86_64                                           3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pcre.i686                                                 8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre.x86_64                                               8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                           8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-devel.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre2.i686                                                10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2.x86_64                                              10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                       10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                          1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                     1.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                       1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                     1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pdftk-java.noarch                                         3.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                     1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                      1:0.9.4-28.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl.x86_64                                               4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                                1.2010-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                                   2.40-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                   1.68-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                            1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                    5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                     5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-B.x86_64                                             1.83-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                     1.23-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-CPAN.noarch                                          2.36-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                             0.12-26.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                     2.150010-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                        2.140-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                                0.018-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Carp.noarch                                          1.52-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                  0.66-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                                2.28-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                            2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                             2.201-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                             2.202-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                             0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                                 0.34-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                                4.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                                   1.22-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBI.x86_64                                           1.643-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                                    0.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                       1.858-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                   2.184-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                  0.112-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Section.noarch                                  0.200007-17.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                                  3.68-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                                    1.32-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                             1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                                    0.83-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Digest.noarch                                        1.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                    2.58-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                    1:6.03-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                                   2.13-37.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                     1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                                     2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                    1.52-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Encode.x86_64                                        4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                 1.05-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                                  4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-English.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Env.noarch                                           1.05-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Errno.x86_64                                         1.36-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Exporter.noarch                                      5.77-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                             1:0.280236-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                              2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                             0.25-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                                1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                              2.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                             2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                            2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                             1:1.73-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                             1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                              1:3.45-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                         1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                                  0.09-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                 2.85-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                  1.100.700-494.fc37                   @updates                                   
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                     2.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                                  1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                                    1.04-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Find.noarch                                     1.40-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                                  1.006-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                  6.15-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Path.noarch                                     2.18-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                     1:0.231.100-489.fc37                 @fedora                                    
perl-File-Which.noarch                                    1.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-stat.noarch                                     1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileCache.noarch                                     1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                    2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Filter.x86_64                                        2:1.64-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                                 0.96-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-FindBin.noarch                                       1.53-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                                     1:1.23-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                   1:2.54-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                    1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                     6.05-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                     0.086-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                                     0.28-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                                  1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                                 0.45-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                 0.21-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO.x86_64                                            1.50-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                   2.201-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                              2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                  0.41-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                 2.075-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                       1:1.11-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                       2:1.04-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                     1.22-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                      2.09-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                             1.30-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                                12.60-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Importer.noarch                                      0.026-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                       1:4.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                       1:4.03-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                               1.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                        1:0.21-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                   3.16-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                                  1.013.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                    0.15-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                   1:1.9998.37-2.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                          0.501.300-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                                   0.2624-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                  1.59-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Memoize.noarch                                       1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Module-Build.noarch                                  2:0.42.31-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                               1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                         1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                   1:0.36-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                       0.74-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                                 1:0.08-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                               1.000037-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                              0.88-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                    20211001-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                     1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NEXT.noarch                                          0.69-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NKF.x86_64                                           1:2.1.4-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Net.noarch                                           1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                      2.75-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                    1.92-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                                     1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                               0.009-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                        1.57-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                         2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                             1.106-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Check.noarch                                  1:0.38-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                   1.102-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                     3.84-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                                   1.010-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                        0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                                   4:1.75-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                   1:1.07-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                                 1.14-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                      1.33-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                   3.28.01-490.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                    1:3.43-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                     4:2.03-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Safe.noarch                                          2.43-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                             5:1.63-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                                   1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                                    1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                        4:2.036-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Software-License.noarch                              0.104002-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Storable.x86_64                                      1:3.26-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                  0.988-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                   0.928-33.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Symbol.noarch                                        1.09-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                                  1.24-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                    0.36-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                                5.01-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                      1.17-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                                 1.403-494.fc37                       @updates                                   
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                                 1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                                 0.002-38.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                                0.031-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Table.noarch                                    0.016-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                   2.38-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Test.noarch                                          1.31-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                  1:3.44-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                                   3:1.302191-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                 2.06-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                     1.45-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                     0.11-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                               3.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                                2023.0511-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
perl-Text-Template.noarch                                 1.60-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Thread.noarch                                        3.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                  3.14-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                              2.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie.noarch                                           4.6-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-File.noarch                                      1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                                   1.1-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                                   1.40-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Time.noarch                                          1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                    4:1.9770-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                    2:1.300-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                    1.3401-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                      1:2.33-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                              1.01-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-URI.noarch                                           5.17-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-URI-Encode.noarch                                    1.1.1-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                               1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                             2019.001-14.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                             1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                                   0.78-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-User-pwent.noarch                                    1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                                    0.81-45.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                    2.46-12.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-autodie.noarch                                       2.34-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-autouse.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-base.noarch                                          2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-bignum.noarch                                        0.66-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-blib.noarch                                          1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                  3.7.5-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-constant.noarch                                      1.33-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-debugger.noarch                                      1.60-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-deprecate.noarch                                     0.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-devel.x86_64                                         4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-diagnostics.noarch                                   1.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-doc.noarch                                           5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-encoding.x86_64                                      4:3.00-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                             0.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-experimental.noarch                                  0.028-489.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-fields.noarch                                        2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-filetest.noarch                                      1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-if.noarch                                            0.61.000-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-inc-latest.noarch                                    2:0.500-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                   4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-less.noarch                                          0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-lib.x86_64                                           0.65-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-libnet.noarch                                        3.14-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                     4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-libs.x86_64                                          4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-local-lib.noarch                                     2.000029-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-locale.noarch                                        1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-macros.noarch                                        4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-meta-notation.noarch                                 5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-mro.x86_64                                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-open.noarch                                          1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overload.noarch                                      1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overloading.noarch                                   0.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-parent.noarch                                        1:0.238-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                       5.20210520-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ph.x86_64                                            5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-podlators.noarch                                     1:4.14-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                       1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-sort.noarch                                          2.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1-46.fc37                            @fedora                                    
perl-subs.noarch                                          1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-threads.x86_64                                       1:2.27-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                1.64-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-utils.noarch                                         5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-vars.noarch                                          1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-version.x86_64                                       8:0.99.29-490.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-vmsish.noarch                                        1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                         4.11.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                       2:4.10.0-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
picosat-libs.x86_64                                       965-15.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pigz.x86_64                                               2.7-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pinentry.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                    1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinfo.x86_64                                              0.6.10-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
pipewire.i686                                             0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire.x86_64                                           0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-codec-aptx.x86_64                                0.3.71-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                                0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                     0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pixman.i686                                               0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pixman.x86_64                                             0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                      1.29.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkgconf.x86_64                                            1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                 1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                      5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                               5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plocate.x86_64                                            1.1.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plymouth.x86_64                                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                 22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                   22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
pocl.x86_64                                               3.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
podman.x86_64                                             5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                     5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
policycoreutils.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
polkit.x86_64                                             121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-libs.x86_64                                        121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                 0.1-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                       0.114.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
poly2tri.x86_64                                           0.0-25.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc37   @fedora                                    
poppler.x86_64                                            22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-data.noarch                                       0.4.11-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
poppler-glib.x86_64                                       22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-utils.x86_64                                      22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
popt.x86_64                                               1.19-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                                    42.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
potrace.x86_64                                            1.16-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                              0.12-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
powerline.x86_64                                          2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
powerline-fonts.noarch                                    2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ppp.x86_64                                                2.4.9-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pptp.x86_64                                               1.10.0-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
procps-ng.x86_64                                          3.3.17-6.fc37.2                      @updates                                   
proj.x86_64                                               9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data.noarch                                          9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-at.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-au.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-be.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-br.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ca.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ch.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-de.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-dk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-es.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-eur.noarch                                      9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fi.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fo.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fr.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-is.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-jp.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-mx.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nc.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nl.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-no.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nz.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-pt.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-se.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-sk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-uk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-us.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-za.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf.x86_64                                           3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protobuf-c.x86_64                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                      3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protonup-qt.x86_64                                        2.8.0-4.git.fc37                     @nobara-baseos                             
psacct.x86_64                                             6.6.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
psmisc.x86_64                                             23.4-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ptex-libs.x86_64                                          2.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                            20230614-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
pugixml.x86_64                                            1.13-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                      16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                    16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                   16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                              1.9.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pypy.x86_64                                               7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pypy-libs.x86_64                                          7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pystring.x86_64                                           1.1.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-launcher.x86_64                                    1.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                   22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                              5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                            62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                 3.11-6.fc37                          @updates                                   
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                 235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python-unversioned-command.noarch                         3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3.x86_64                                            3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-GitPython.noarch                                  3.1.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-LibAppArmor.x86_64                                3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-ROPGadget.noarch                                  7.2-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-abrt.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                                 2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-apparmor.noarch                                   3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-appdirs.noarch                                    1.4.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-argcomplete.noarch                                2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-audit.x86_64                                      3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-augeas.noarch                                     1.1.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-authlib.noarch                                    1.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-babel.noarch                                      2.10.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                     3.2.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-beaker.noarch                                     1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                             4.12.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-blivet.noarch                                     1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                     0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-brotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bugzilla.noarch                                   3.2.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-cachetools.noarch                                 5.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cairo.x86_64                                      1.21.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-capstone.x86_64                                   4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cccolutils.x86_64                                 1.5-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-certifi.noarch                                    2021.10.8-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
python3-cffi.x86_64                                       1.15.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-chardet.noarch                                    5.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                         2.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-click.noarch                                      8.1.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-colored-traceback.noarch                          0.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-conda.noarch                                      4.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-conda-package-handling.x86_64                     1.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-configobj.noarch                                  5.0.6-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-construct.noarch                                  2.10.68-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                                    8.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-crypto.x86_64                                     2.6.1-41.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cryptography.x86_64                               37.0.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cssselect.noarch                                  1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cups.x86_64                                       2.0.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cytoolz.x86_64                                    0.11.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-dasbus.noarch                                     1.6-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-dateutil.noarch                                   1:2.8.2-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-dbus.x86_64                                       1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-decorator.noarch                                  5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-distro.noarch                                     1.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-dnf.noarch                                        4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                           4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch                  4.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-dns.noarch                                        2.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-enchant.noarch                                    3.2.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-evdev.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-fedora.noarch                                     1.1.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-file-magic.noarch                                 5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-filelock.noarch                                   3.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-firewall.noarch                                   1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-frozendict.noarch                                 1.2-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-gitdb.noarch                                      4.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-gobject.x86_64                                    3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                               3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                        3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gpg.x86_64                                        1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                     1.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-humanize.noarch                                   3.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-idna.noarch                                       3.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-intervaltree.noarch                               3.1.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-jinja2.noarch                                     3.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-kerberos.x86_64                                   1.3.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-kickstart.noarch                                  3.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-kitchen.noarch                                    1.2.6-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-koji.noarch                                       1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-langtable.noarch                                  0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-ldb.x86_64                                        2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                   0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                                2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libreport.x86_64                                  2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-libs.x86_64                                       3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                 3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                                3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                    2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lockfile.noarch                                   1:0.12.2-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-louis.noarch                                      3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lxml.x86_64                                       4.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-mako.noarch                                       1.1.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                 2.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-meh.noarch                                        0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                    0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-moddb.noarch                                      0.8.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-munch.noarch                                      2.5.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-mutagen.noarch                                    1.45.1-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-newt.x86_64                                       0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-nftables.x86_64                                   1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-notify2.noarch                                    0.3.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-numpy.x86_64                                      1:1.24.3-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-olefile.noarch                                    0.46-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-openidc-client.noarch                             0.6.0-17.20220119git0e2ed81.fc37     @fedora                                    
python3-packaging.noarch                                  21.3-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-paramiko.noarch                                   2.12.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-paste.noarch                                      3.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pexpect.noarch                                    4.8.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pid.noarch                                        2.2.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pillow.x86_64                                     9.2.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pip.noarch                                        22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-plumbum.noarch                                    1.7.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ply.noarch                                        3.11-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                            3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-productmd.noarch                                  1.35-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-progressbar2.noarch                               3.53.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-protobuf.x86_64                                   3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-psutil.x86_64                                     5.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                 0.6.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pwntools.noarch                                   4.8.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                  21.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                     0.4.8-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                    2.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pybeam.noarch                                     0.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pycosat.x86_64                                    0.6.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pycparser.noarch                                  2.20-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                              3.17.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                     7.45.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyelftools.noarch                                 0.29-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                     1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pygments.noarch                                   2.12.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                     1.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                  3.0.9-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                   1:3.12.0-6.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-pypresence.noarch                                 4.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                  12.11.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-pyrate-limiter.noarch                             2.10.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyroute2.noarch                                   0.6.12-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyserial.noarch                                   3.5-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pyside2.x86_64                                    1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                                    1.7.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pytz.noarch                                       2023.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyudev.noarch                                     0.23.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyusb.noarch                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                      0.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                     6.0-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-qt5.x86_64                                        5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                   5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-regex.x86_64                                      2022.10.31-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
python3-reportlab.noarch                                  4.0.4-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-requests.noarch                                   2.28.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-requests-file.noarch                              1.5.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                               0.3.1-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                            1.2.3-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-kerberos.noarch                          0.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-rpkg.noarch                                       1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                        4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                                0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-rpyc.noarch                                       5.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ruamel-yaml.noarch                                0.17.26-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                           0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-samba.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                   2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-scour.noarch                                      0.38.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-setools.x86_64                                    4.4.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                               1.2.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setuptools.noarch                                 62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-shiboken2.x86_64                                  1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                                1.0.4-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-simpleline.noarch                                 1.9.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-six.noarch                                        1.16.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-smmap.noarch                                      5.0.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-sortedcontainers.noarch                           2.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                  2.3.2.post1-7.fc37                   @fedora                                    
python3-speechd.x86_64                                    0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-steam.noarch                                      1.4.4-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-systemd.x86_64                                    235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-talloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tempita.noarch                                    0.5.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                       1.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-tevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                    3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-tldextract.noarch                                 3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-toml.noarch                                       0.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tomli.noarch                                      2.0.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tomli-w.noarch                                    1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-toolz.noarch                                      0.11.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tqdm.noarch                                       4.65.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                                    1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unicorn.x86_64                                    1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-urllib3.noarch                                    1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                              1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-utils.noarch                                      3.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-vapoursynth.x86_64                                58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
python3-vdf.noarch                                        3.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-websockets.x86_64                                 10.3-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                            2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-yubico.noarch                                     1.3.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-zstandard.x86_64                                  0.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-zstd.x86_64                                       1.4.5.1-8.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3.10.x86_64                                         3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-tkinter.x86_64                                 3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qbittorrent.x86_64                                        1:4.5.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qca-qt5.x86_64                                            2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                       2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qemu-common.x86_64                                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                     2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                 2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                          10.6.3-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                      4.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qt-settings.noarch                                        37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                           5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                         5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                  5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdatavis3d.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                     5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscxml.x86_64                                        5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                          5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                          5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                                    5.15.12-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                       5.212.0-0.75alpha4.fc37              @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5ct.x86_64                                              1.1-16.fc37                          @updates                                   
qt5pas.x86_64                                             2.6-2020601.fc37                     @updates                                   
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                         6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                          6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                        6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                                 6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
quota.x86_64                                              1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
quota-nls.noarch                                          1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
raptor2.x86_64                                            2.0.15-34.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rasqal.x86_64                                             0.9.33-19.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rav1e-libs.i686                                           0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                         0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                                      2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
re2.x86_64                                                1:20220601-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
readline.i686                                             8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
readline.x86_64                                           8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
realmd.x86_64                                             0.17.0-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
realtek-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
redhat-menus.noarch                                       12.0.2-22.fc37                       @fedora                                    
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                                  229-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
redland.x86_64                                            1.0.17-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rest.x86_64                                               0.9.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rest0.7.x86_64                                            0.8.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rhythmbox.x86_64                                          3.4.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rocm-cmake.x86_64                                         0.8.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-core.x86_64                                          5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-device-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime.x86_64                                   5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime-devel.x86_64                             5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-language-runtime.x86_64                              5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-llvm.x86_64                                          15.0.0.23045.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-meta.x86_64                                          5.4.1-9.copr.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
rocm-ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl.x86_64                                        2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl-runtime.x86_64                                5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocminfo.x86_64                                           1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rootfiles.noarch                                          8.1-32.fc37                          @fedora                                    
rpkg-common.noarch                                        1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
rpm.x86_64                                                4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build.x86_64                                          4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                     4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                           4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                 4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                         4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmdevtools.noarch                                        9.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                      37-4.fc37                            @rpmfusion-free                            
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                             37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch                   37-3.fc37                            @rpmfusion-nonfree                         
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                          37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmlint.noarch                                            2.4.0-6.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmlint-fedora-license-data.noarch                        1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
rsync.x86_64                                              3.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rtkit.x86_64                                              0.11-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rubberband.x86_64                                         3.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ruby.x86_64                                               3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-default-gems.noarch                                  3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-libs.x86_64                                          3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                                 3.1.1-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                    2.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                                 0.5.11-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-json.x86_64                                       2.6.3-200.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                      4.0.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                       6.4.0-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygems.noarch                                           3.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubypick.noarch                                           1.1.1-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                   24-2.fc37                            @updates                                   
sac.noarch                                                1.3-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
samba.x86_64                                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common.noarch                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-tools.x86_64                                 2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                             2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-libs.x86_64                                         2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-tools.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
sane-airscan.x86_64                                       0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sane-backends.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                        1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                       1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                     1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.i686                                   1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
satyr.x86_64                                              0.42-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
schroedinger.x86_64                                       1.0.11-27.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sed.x86_64                                                4.8-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
selinux-policy.noarch                                     37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                            37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
serd.i686                                                 0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
serd.x86_64                                               0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
setup.noarch                                              2.14.1-14.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
setxkbmap.x86_64                                          1.3.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                     1.46-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sgml-common.noarch                                        0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sgpio.x86_64                                              1.2.0.10-31.fc37                     @fedora                                    
shadow-utils.x86_64                                       2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                 2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                   2.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
shim-ia32.x86_64                                          15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
shim-x64.x86_64                                           15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
signon.x86_64                                             8.60-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                               0.24-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
signon-ui.x86_64                                          0.15-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                                  1.100-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                    2.200-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                   3.003-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
simple-scan.x86_64                                        42.5-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
slang.x86_64                                              2.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
slirp4netns.x86_64                                        1.2.0-8.fc37                         @updates                                   
snap-confine.x86_64                                       2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd.x86_64                                              2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd-selinux.noarch                                      2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snappy.x86_64                                             1.1.9-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sombok.x86_64                                             2.4.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sord.i686                                                 0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sord.x86_64                                               0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sos.noarch                                                4.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                            0.8-18.fc37                          @fedora                                    
soundtouch.i686                                           2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
soundtouch.x86_64                                         2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
source-highlight.x86_64                                   3.1.9-15.fc37                        @updates                                   
soxr.i686                                                 0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
soxr.x86_64                                               0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.i686                                               1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.x86_64                                             1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                  0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                        0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speex.i686                                                1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speex.x86_64                                              1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speexdsp.x86_64                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
spice-server.x86_64                                       0.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                      0.22.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                      3.0-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.i686                                     2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                   2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sqlite-libs.i686                                          3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                        3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                     4.5.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sratom.i686                                               0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sratom.x86_64                                             0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
srecord.x86_64                                            1.64-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
srt-libs.i686                                             1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
srt-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sshpass.x86_64                                            1.09-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sssd.x86_64                                               2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ad.x86_64                                            2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-client.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                    2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                         2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
startup-notification.x86_64                               0.12-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
steam.i686                                                1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steam-devices.i686                                        1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steghide.x86_64                                           0.5.1-45.fc37                        @fedora                                    
stix-fonts.noarch                                         2.13b171-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
stoken-libs.x86_64                                        0.92-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
subversion.x86_64                                         1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
subversion-libs.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
sudo.x86_64                                               1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                 1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
suitesparse.x86_64                                        5.10.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
supergfxctl.x86_64                                        5.0.1-3                              @nobara-baseos                             
sushi.x86_64                                              43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                       1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                 2.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
symlinks.x86_64                                           1.7-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
syslinux.x86_64                                           6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                         6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                              3.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
system-config-language.noarch                             3.5.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd.x86_64                                            251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-container.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.i686                                         251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-pam.x86_64                                        251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                                 251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-udev.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemtap.x86_64                                          4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-client.x86_64                                   4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-devel.x86_64                                    4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                                  4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                                4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
taglib.i686                                               1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
taglib.x86_64                                             1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tar.x86_64                                                2:1.34-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
tbb.x86_64                                                2020.3-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
tcl.x86_64                                                1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.i686                                    7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                  7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcpdump.x86_64                                            14:4.99.4-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
tdb-tools.x86_64                                          1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
teamd.x86_64                                              1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
terminator.noarch                                         2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tesseract.x86_64                                          5.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
texlive-lib.x86_64                                        9:20210325-54.fc37                   @updates                                   
text-engine.x86_64                                        0.1.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                         0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                          0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thermald.x86_64                                           2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
tigervnc-license.noarch                                   1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                            1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
time.x86_64                                               1.9-19.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tinyxml.x86_64                                            2.6.2-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tinyxml2.x86_64                                           7.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tk.x86_64                                                 1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tmux.x86_64                                               3.3a-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
toolbox.x86_64                                            0.0.99.4-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
totem.x86_64                                              1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                    3.26.6-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                            1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
touchegg.x86_64                                           2.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                         5.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                           3.2.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
traceroute.x86_64                                         3:2.1.2-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
tracker.x86_64                                            3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tracker-miners.x86_64                                     3.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tree.x86_64                                               2.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
trousers-lib.x86_64                                       0.3.15-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tslib.x86_64                                              1.22-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                           3.0.9-66.fc37                        @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.i686                                         0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.x86_64                                       0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tzdata.noarch                                             2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tzdata-java.noarch                                        2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
uchardet.x86_64                                           0.0.6-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
udisks2.x86_64                                            2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                      2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                     1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unbound-libs.x86_64                                       1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unicode-ucd.noarch                                        15.0.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unicorn.x86_64                                            1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unixODBC.i686                                             2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unixODBC.x86_64                                           2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unrar.x86_64                                              6.2.8-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
unzip.x86_64                                              6.0-58.fc37                          @fedora                                    
upower.x86_64                                             0.99.20-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
uresourced.x86_64                                         0.5.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
uriparser.x86_64                                          0.9.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                           20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                          20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                   20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                    20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                     2.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                                20191128-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
usbmuxd.x86_64                                            1.1.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usbutils.x86_64                                           015-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
usd-libs.x86_64                                           22.05b-25.fc37                       @updates                                   
usermode.x86_64                                           1.114-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                      0.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
utf8proc.x86_64                                           2.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
util-linux.x86_64                                         2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
util-linux-core.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
valgrind.x86_64                                           1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                     1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                                    2.9.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                                   58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-tools.x86_64                                  58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                                 33.003-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
velocity.noarch                                           1.7-39.fc37                          @fedora                                    
vid.stab.i686                                             1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vid.stab.x86_64                                           1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vim-common.x86_64                                         2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-data.noarch                                           2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-filesystem.noarch                                     2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-minimal.x86_64                                        2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                         7.0.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
vkBasalt.i686                                             0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vkBasalt.x86_64                                           0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vlc.x86_64                                                1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vlc-core.x86_64                                           1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vmaf-models.noarch                                        2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vo-amrwbenc.i686                                          0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                        0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
voikko-fi.noarch                                          2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                    0.3.12-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
vpnc.x86_64                                               0.5.3-44.svn550.fc37                 @fedora                                    
vpnc-script.noarch                                        20220509-2.gite52f8e66.fc37          @fedora                                    
vte-profile.x86_64                                        0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vte291.x86_64                                             0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vulkan-loader.i686                                        1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                      1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                       1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
w3m.x86_64                                                0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
w3m-img.x86_64                                            0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
wavpack.i686                                              5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wavpack.x86_64                                            5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                              5-18.fc37                            @fedora                                    
webapp-manager.noarch                                     master.mint21-1.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                       2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                 0.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                              0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                            0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wget.x86_64                                               1.21.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
which.x86_64                                              2.21-39.fc37                         @updates                                   
whois.x86_64                                              5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
whois-nls.noarch                                          5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wine-staging-common.i686                                  1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
wine-staging64.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winehq-staging.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winetricks.noarch                                         20230421-1.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
wireless-regdb.noarch                                     2022.06.06-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
wireplumber.x86_64                                        0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireshark.x86_64                                          1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                      1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wlroots.x86_64                                            0.16.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
wmctrl.x86_64                                             1.07-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
woff2.x86_64                                              1.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
words.noarch                                              3.0-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                     1:2.10-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                     1.14.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
x264-libs.i686                                            0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x264-libs.x86_64                                          0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x265-libs.i686                                            3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
x265-libs.x86_64                                          3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.22-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xapps.x86_64                                              2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xcb-util.x86_64                                           0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                                    0.1.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                     0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                   0.4.0-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                                0.3.9-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                        0.4.1-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                     0.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                 1.15.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                           43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                             1.14.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                      0.18-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                  0.11-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-utils.noarch                                          1.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                           1.3.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xerces-c.x86_64                                           3.2.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xfsprogs.x86_64                                           6.1.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
xhost.x86_64                                              1.0.8-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xisxwayland.x86_64                                        1-4.fc37                             @fedora                                    
xkbcomp.x86_64                                            1.4.5-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                   2.36-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
xml-common.noarch                                         0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                           1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                    1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlsec1.x86_64                                            1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                        1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                    1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmodmap.x86_64                                            1.0.11-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                                23.0.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                   19.1.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                 2.10.6-12.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                 0.5.0-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                 2.99.917-54.20210115.fc37            @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                              1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                               1:1.0.17-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                            0.6.400-4.20210215git5dbad06.fc37    @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                   0.1.5-20.fc35                        @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                  2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                                13.2.1-16.fc35                       @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                 1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                  1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                    7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                               7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                               2022.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                               1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                           22.1.9-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                     1:1.1.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                     1.4.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xprop.x86_64                                              1.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrandr.x86_64                                             1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrdb.x86_64                                               1.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xvidcore.i686                                             1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xvidcore.x86_64                                           1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xwininfo.x86_64                                           1.1.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xxd.x86_64                                                2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                        0.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xz.x86_64                                                 5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-devel.x86_64                                           5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.i686                                              5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
yajl.x86_64                                               2.1.0-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                           0.6.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
yarnpkg.noarch                                            1.22.19-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
yelp.x86_64                                               2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-libs.x86_64                                          2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-xsl.noarch                                           42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ykpers.x86_64                                             1.20.0-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
yt-dlp.noarch                                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yum.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                        1.3.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                    1.5-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zenity.x86_64                                             3.44.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
zeromq.x86_64                                             4.3.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.i686                                                 3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.x86_64                                               3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zip.x86_64                                                3.0-33.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zlib.i686                                                 1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib.x86_64                                               1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib-devel.x86_64                                         1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zoom.x86_64                                               5.14.10.3738-1                       @System                                    
zram-generator.x86_64                                     1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                            1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zstd.x86_64                                               1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zvbi.i686                                                 0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zvbi.x86_64                                               0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                          1.2.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
---- YUM Packages ----
Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                              2.4.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
CharLS.x86_64                                             2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
GConf2.x86_64                                             3.2.6-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ImageMagick.x86_64                                        1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                                    1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                   1:6.9.12.86-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
LibRaw.x86_64                                             0.20.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
ModemManager.x86_64                                       1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                  1.18.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
NetworkManager.x86_64                                     1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                           1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch          1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                               1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                         1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                   1.2.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                             1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                       1:1.8.18-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                 1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                                1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.10-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                                 1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                           1.2.12-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                                1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                          1:1.2.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                                1:1.40.18-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                        2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                        2.4.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
PackageKit.x86_64                                         1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                                     1.0.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                       1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                    1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                        1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                             1.2.6-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
SDL2.i686                                                 2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
SDL2.x86_64                                               2.26.0-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
SuperLU.x86_64                                            5.3.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
VirtualBox-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.6_155176_fedora36-1              @System                                    
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                            3.101-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
aalib-libs.x86_64                                         1.4.0-0.44.rc5.fc37                  @fedora                                    
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                       1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                            0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                         0.301-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
abrt.x86_64                                               2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                              2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                    2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-cli.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui.x86_64                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                      2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                                1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
abrt-libs.x86_64                                          2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                                  2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abrt-tui.noarch                                           2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                         20220623.1-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                                0.7-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
accountsservice.x86_64                                    22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                               22.08.8-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
acl.x86_64                                                2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adcli.x86_64                                              0.9.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                                20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                     20230118-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                 20190401-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                        2.030.1.050-13.fc37                  @fedora                                    
adw-gtk3.x86_64                                           4.8-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                               43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                 43-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
akmods.noarch                                             0.5.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
alembic-libs.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.i686                                             1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-lib.x86_64                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                            1.2.7.1-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                  2.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-ucm.noarch                                           1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alsa-utils.x86_64                                         1.2.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
alternatives.x86_64                                       1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
anaconda-core.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                          37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-live.x86_64                                      37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                       37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                 26.2-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                   37.12.6-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
android-tools.x86_64                                      1:33.0.3p1-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
annobin-docs.noarch                                       12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                 12.14-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                                1-10.fc37                            @updates                                   
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                      1.0.0.20211224-7.fc37                @fedora                                    
antiword.x86_64                                           0.37-34.fc37                         @fedora                                    
apache-commons-collections.noarch                         3.2.2-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                               3.12.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
apparmor-libs.x86_64                                      3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-parser.x86_64                                    3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-profiles.noarch                                  3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
apparmor-utils.x86_64                                     3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
appstream.x86_64                                          0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
appstream-data.noarch                                     37-7.fc37                            @updates                                   
appstream-qt.x86_64                                       0.16.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
apr.x86_64                                                1.7.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util.x86_64                                           1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                       1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                   1.6.3-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
arj.x86_64                                                3.10.22-37.fc37                      @fedora                                    
armadillo.x86_64                                          10.8.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
arpack.x86_64                                             3.8.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
aspell.x86_64                                             12:0.60.8-10.fc37                    @fedora                                    
aspell-en.x86_64                                          50:2020.12.07-6.fc37                 @fedora                                    
aspnetcore-runtime-7.0.x86_64                             7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                      7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
assimp.x86_64                                             5.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.i686                                          2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                        2.38.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.i686                                         2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                       2.44.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atheros-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
atk.i686                                                  2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atk.x86_64                                                2.38.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atkmm.x86_64                                              2.28.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
atmel-firmware.noarch                                     1.3-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
attr.x86_64                                               2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
audit.x86_64                                              3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
audit-libs.x86_64                                         3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
augeas-libs.x86_64                                        1.13.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
authselect.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
authselect-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
autocorr-en.noarch                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
avahi.x86_64                                              0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-glib.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                      0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.i686                                           0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-libs.x86_64                                         0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
avahi-tools.x86_64                                        0.8-18.fc37                          @updates                                   
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                       019-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                       5.2-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
babl.x86_64                                               0.1.92-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
baobab.x86_64                                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
basesystem.noarch                                         11-14.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bash.x86_64                                               5.2.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bash-completion.noarch                                    1:2.11-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bc.x86_64                                                 1.07.1-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
bcache-tools.x86_64                                       1.1-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
bind-libs.x86_64                                          32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-license.noarch                                       32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
bind-utils.x86_64                                         32:9.18.16-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
binutils.x86_64                                           2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binutils-gold.x86_64                                      2.38-27.fc37                         @updates                                   
binwalk.noarch                                            2.3.3-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
bison.x86_64                                              3.8.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
blender.x86_64                                            1:3.5.1-1.fc37                       @nobara-appstream                          
blivet-data.noarch                                        1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                 2.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
blosc.x86_64                                              1.21.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
bluez.x86_64                                              5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-cups.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.i686                                           5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-libs.x86_64                                         5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                        5.66-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
bodhi-client.noarch                                       7.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bolt.x86_64                                               0.9.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
boost-atomic.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-chrono.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-date-time.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                   1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                    1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-locale.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-python3.x86_64                                      1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-regex.x86_64                                        1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-system.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
boost-thread.x86_64                                       1.78.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bouncycastle.noarch                                       1.70-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
brasero-libs.x86_64                                       3.12.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                                  5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                                    5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
brlapi.x86_64                                             0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
brltty.x86_64                                             6.5-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                        6.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
bubblewrap.x86_64                                         0.5.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
bzip2.x86_64                                              1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.i686                                           1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                         1.0.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
c-ares.x86_64                                             1.19.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ca-certificates.noarch                                    2023.2.60-1.0.fc37                   @updates                                   
cabextract.x86_64                                         1.9.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
caca-utils.x86_64                                         0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
cairo.i686                                                1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo.x86_64                                              1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.i686                                        1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                      1.17.6-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cairomm.x86_64                                            1.14.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
capstone.x86_64                                           4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
catatonit.x86_64                                          0.1.7-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
catimg.x86_64                                             2.7.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                      10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                    10.2-40.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cfitsio.x86_64                                            4.0.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
checkpolicy.x86_64                                        3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cheese.x86_64                                             2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
cheese-libs.x86_64                                        2:43~alpha-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
chkconfig.x86_64                                          1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
chmlib.x86_64                                             0.40-27.fc37                         @fedora                                    
chrony.x86_64                                             4.3-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                         7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
cjson.x86_64                                              1.7.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang.x86_64                                              15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-libs.x86_64                                         15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
clang13-libs.x86_64                                       13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clang13-resource-filesystem.x86_64                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                              1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                          1:42~beta3-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                               2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clucene-core.x86_64                                       2.3.3.4-44.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc37  @updates                                   
clutter.x86_64                                            1.26.4-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                       3.0.27-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                        1.8.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                   3.26.4-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
cmrt.x86_64                                               1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
code.x86_64                                               1.80.2-1690491680.el7                @code                                      
cogl.x86_64                                               1.22.8-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
color-filesystem.noarch                                   1-29.fc37                            @fedora                                    
colord.x86_64                                             1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                        0.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.i686                                          1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
colord-libs.x86_64                                        1.4.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
comgr.x86_64                                              2.4.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                     4.4.4-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                    5.1.5-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
compiler-rt.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
compsize.x86_64                                           1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
conmon.x86_64                                             2:2.1.7-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
container-selinux.noarch                                  2:2.219.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
containers-common.noarch                                  4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
containers-common-extra.noarch                            4:1-82.fc37                          @updates                                   
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                   4.1-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
coreutils.x86_64                                          9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
coreutils-common.x86_64                                   9.1-8.fc37                           @updates                                   
cpio.x86_64                                               2.13-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
cpp.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
cracklib.x86_64                                           2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                     2.9.7-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
createrepo_c.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
criu.x86_64                                               3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
criu-libs.x86_64                                          3.17.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
crun.x86_64                                               1.8.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
crypto-policies.noarch                                    20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                            20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37           @fedora                                    
cryptsetup.x86_64                                         2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ctags.x86_64                                              6.0.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
cuda-nvcc.x86_64                                          1:12.0.76-1.fc37                     @nobara-appstream                          
cups.x86_64                                               1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-client.x86_64                                        1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filesystem.noarch                                    1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters.x86_64                                       1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                               1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                  1.28.16-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                       1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.i686                                            1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-libs.x86_64                                          1:2.4.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                     0.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
curl.x86_64                                               7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
custom-device-pollrates.x86_64                            1.0.0-7.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
cxl-libs.x86_64                                           77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                  2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                       2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                     2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                   2.1.28-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dash.x86_64                                               0.5.11.5-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                        77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus.x86_64                                               1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-broker.x86_64                                        33-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
dbus-common.noarch                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                        1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                          0.112-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dbus-libs.i686                                            1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-tools.x86_64                                         1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbus-x11.x86_64                                           1:1.14.8-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                       0.9.3-0.29.20160218.fc37             @fedora                                    
dcmtk.x86_64                                              3.6.7-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dconf.i686                                                0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf.x86_64                                              0.40.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dconf-editor.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
debugedit.x86_64                                          5.0-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
dee.x86_64                                                1.2.7-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
default-editor.noarch                                     6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                  2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                             2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                 2.37-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
deltarpm.x86_64                                           3.6.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                          37.0.0-11.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                 0.26-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
device-mapper.x86_64                                      1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                           1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                 1.02.175-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                      0.9.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
devscripts-checkbashisms.x86_64                           2.22.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dhcp-client.x86_64                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dhcp-common.noarch                                        12:4.4.3-4.P1.fc37                   @fedora                                    
diffstat.x86_64                                           1.64-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
diffutils.x86_64                                          3.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
discord.x86_64                                            0.0.28-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                              1.89-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                     3.5.28-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                              0.3.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-core.x86_64                                        0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                    0.6.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dleyna-server.x86_64                                      0.6.0-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
dmidecode.x86_64                                          1:3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dmraid.x86_64                                             1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-events.x86_64                                      1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-53.fc37                   @fedora                                    
dnf.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-data.noarch                                           4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                   4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnf-utils.noarch                                          4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
dnsmasq.x86_64                                            2.89-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
docbook-dtds.noarch                                       1.0-80.fc37                          @fedora                                    
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                                  1.79.2-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
dos2unix.x86_64                                           7.4.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dosfstools.x86_64                                         4.2-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
dotconf.x86_64                                            1.3-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dotnet-apphost-pack-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-host.x86_64                                        7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-hostfxr-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-runtime-7.0.x86_64                                 7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-sdk-7.0.x86_64                                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
dotnet-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                          7.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
dotnet-templates-7.0.x86_64                               7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
double-conversion.x86_64                                  3.1.5-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
doxygen.x86_64                                            2:1.9.5-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
draco.x86_64                                              1.5.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
dracut.x86_64                                             059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                               059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-live.x86_64                                        059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-network.x86_64                                     059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
dracut-squash.x86_64                                      059-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
drpm.x86_64                                               0.5.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
duktape.x86_64                                            2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
dwz.x86_64                                                0.14-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
dyninst.x86_64                                            12.1.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                          1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                                   0.2.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ed.x86_64                                                 1.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                                  0.12.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
efi-filesystem.noarch                                     5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5-6.fc37                             @fedora                                    
efibootmgr.x86_64                                         18-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
efivar-libs.x86_64                                        38-6.fc37                            @updates                                   
egl-gbm.x86_64                                            1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
egl-wayland.x86_64                                        1.1.12-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
elfutils.x86_64                                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                           0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                         0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64                   0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                     0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.i686                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                    0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                              0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.i686                                        0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                      0.189-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                   1:28.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
embree.x86_64                                             3.13.5-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
enchant.x86_64                                            1:1.6.0-31.fc37                      @fedora                                    
enchant2.x86_64                                           2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
enchant2-aspell.x86_64                                    2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
eog.x86_64                                                43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                                   1:43.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
espeak-ng.x86_64                                          1.51.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ethtool.x86_64                                            2:6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
evince.x86_64                                             43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-djvu.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-libs.x86_64                                        43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-previewer.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                 43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
evolution-data-server.x86_64                              3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                    3.46.4-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
exempi.x86_64                                             2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
exfatprogs.x86_64                                         1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
exiv2.x86_64                                              0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
expat.i686                                                2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
expat.x86_64                                              2.5.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
faad2-libs.i686                                           1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
faad2-libs.x86_64                                         1:2.10.1-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free                            
fakeroot.x86_64                                           1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                      1.31-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fdk-aac-free.i686                                         2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                       2.0.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                             3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                       3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-chromium-config-gssapi.noarch                      3.0-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                              1-3.fc37                             @fedora                                    
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-packager.noarch                                    0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-packager-kerberos.noarch                           0.6.0.7-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
fedora-repos.noarch                                       37-16                                @nobara-baseos                             
fedora-third-party.noarch                                 0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                     1.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fedpkg.noarch                                             1.44-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
ffmpeg.x86_64                                             5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.i686                                          5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                   3.3.10-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
file.x86_64                                               5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-libs.x86_64                                          5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
file-roller.x86_64                                        43.0-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
filesystem.x86_64                                         3.18-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
findutils.x86_64                                          1:4.9.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
firebird.x86_64                                           4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firebird-utils.x86_64                                     4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
firefox.x86_64                                            114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                                  114.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
firewalld.noarch                                          1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                               1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
flac-libs.i686                                            1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flac-libs.x86_64                                          1.3.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
flashrom.x86_64                                           1.2-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
flatpak.x86_64                                            1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                       1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                    1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                             1.15.4-12.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
flex.x86_64                                               2.6.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
flexiblas.x86_64                                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                   3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                                 3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                          3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                        3.3.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                             3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                                 3.1-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                                    2.3.2-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
flute.noarch                                              1.3.0-30.OOo31.fc37                  @fedora                                    
fmt.i686                                                  9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fmt.x86_64                                                9.1.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
folks.x86_64                                              1:0.15.6-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
fontconfig.i686                                           2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fontconfig.x86_64                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                   1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                  1:2.0.5-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic.x86_64                                           4.0.13-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
foomatic-db.noarch                                        4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                             4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                                   4.0-74.20210611.fc37                 @fedora                                    
foremost.x86_64                                           1.5.7-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fpaste.noarch                                             0.4.3.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.3-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
fprintd.x86_64                                            1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                        1.94.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
freeglut.x86_64                                           3.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
freeipmi.x86_64                                           1.6.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                       2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
freetype.i686                                             2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freetype.x86_64                                           2.12.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
freexl.x86_64                                             1.0.6-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                     1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fribidi.i686                                              1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fribidi.x86_64                                            1.0.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fros.noarch                                               1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fros-gnome.noarch                                         1.1-30.fc37                          @fedora                                    
fstrm.x86_64                                              0.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
fuse.x86_64                                               2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-common.x86_64                                        3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-libs.x86_64                                          2.9.9-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                     1.12-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
fuse3.x86_64                                              3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                         3.10.5-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
fwupd.x86_64                                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                          1.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                              1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                         1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                     1.8.15-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
game-music-emu.x86_64                                     0.6.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gamemode.i686                                             1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamemode.x86_64                                           1.7-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gamescope.x86_64                                          3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gamescope-libs.x86_64                                     3.12.0-13.git.20230726.5f10bf2.fc37  @nobara-baseos                             
gavl.x86_64                                               1.4.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gawk.x86_64                                               5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                 5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gc.x86_64                                                 8.0.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gcc.x86_64                                                12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-c++.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                     12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                       12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                 12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gcr.x86_64                                                3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr-libs.x86_64                                           3.92.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3.x86_64                                               3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gcr3-base.x86_64                                          3.41.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gd.i686                                                   2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gd.x86_64                                                 2.3.3-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
gdal-libs.x86_64                                          3.5.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdb.x86_64                                                13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdb-headless.x86_64                                       13.1-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
gdbm-libs.i686                                            1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                          1:1.23-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdcm.x86_64                                               3.0.21-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
gdisk.x86_64                                              1.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                          2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                        2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                                  2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                                2.42.10-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                                   2.40.2-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gdm.x86_64                                                1:43.0-4.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                              10.24-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gedit.x86_64                                              2:43~alpha-4.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
gegl04.x86_64                                             0.4.44-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
geoclue2.x86_64                                           2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                      2.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
geocode-glib.x86_64                                       3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                                  3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                      3.26.4-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
geolite2-city.noarch                                      20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geolite2-country.noarch                                   20191217-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
geos.x86_64                                               3.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gettext.x86_64                                            0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                                   0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                       0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gettext-runtime.x86_64                                    0.21.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gfbgraph.x86_64                                           0.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gh.x86_64                                                 2.30.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghc-base.x86_64                                           4.14.3.0-121.fc37                    @fedora                                    
ghc-mountpoints.x86_64                                    1.0.2-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ghostscript.x86_64                                        9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                            9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                         9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
giflib.x86_64                                             5.2.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
git-core.x86_64                                           2.41.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gjs.x86_64                                                1.74.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
glfw.i686                                                 1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glfw.x86_64                                               1:3.3.8-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
glib-networking.i686                                      2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib-networking.x86_64                                    2.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
glib2.i686                                                2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2.x86_64                                              2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glib2-devel.x86_64                                        2.74.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glibc.i686                                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc.x86_64                                              2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                                2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-common.x86_64                                       2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-devel.x86_64                                        2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                    2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                  2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                          2.66.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
glx-utils.x86_64                                          8.4.0-14.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc37     @fedora                                    
gmp.i686                                                  1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gmp.x86_64                                                1:6.2.1-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                                   5-1.fc37                             @updates                                   
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                         1.4.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                       0.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                    1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                               1:42.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                            42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                   43.0.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                     43.1-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-characters.x86_64                                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-classic-session.noarch                              43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                                3.36.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-connections.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                     43.0-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-control-center.x86_64                               43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                    43.1-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                     43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                 43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-extension-manager.x86_64                            0.4.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                  43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                                   3.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                                43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                      42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                  42.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-logs.x86_64                                         43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-maps.x86_64                                         43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-menus.x86_64                                        3.36.0-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                              3.46.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                                3.34.0-10.fc36                       @anaconda                                  
gnome-photos.x86_64                                       43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                               43.4-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-session.x86_64                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                             43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                              43.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell.x86_64                                        43.2-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch                 46-1.fc37                            @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                    43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-arc-menu.noarch                     33-16.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch              43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-shell-extension-blur-my-shell.noarch                44-4.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-clipboard-history.noarch            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                       43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-custom-accent-colors.noarch         6-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-panel.noarch                56-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch                47.0.2-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-gamemode.noarch                     8-3.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch          43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell.noarch                    1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-pop-shell-shortcut-overrides.noarch 1.2.0^10.0e09473-1.fc37              @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-quick-settings-tweaker.noarch       1.15-2.git.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-supergfxctl-gex.noarch              5.0.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch                   43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch                  43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-shell-extension-wireless-hid.noarch                 8-1.fc37                             @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-shell-nobara-theming.noarch                         1-11.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
gnome-software.x86_64                                     43.5-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                               42.0-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                     3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                            3.46.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                                  43.2-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                 3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-tour.x86_64                                         43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                       42~beta-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                    43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-user-share.x86_64                                   43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnome-video-effects.noarch                                0.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gnome-weather.noarch                                      43.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
gnupg2.x86_64                                             2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                       2.3.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.i686                                               3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
gnutls.x86_64                                             3.8.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                     3.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gobject-introspection.x86_64                              1.74.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gom.x86_64                                                0.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
google-benchmark.x86_64                                   1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                               1.103-0.19.20130920.fc37             @fedora                                    
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                            20200215-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                       20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                      20220916-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                           20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                     20201206-5.fc37                      @fedora                                    
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch                 20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                        20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                  20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch                   20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                          20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37       @updates                                   
goverlay.x86_64                                           0.9.1-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gpgme.x86_64                                              1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                            1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gpm-libs.x86_64                                           1.20.7-41.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphene.i686                                             1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphene.x86_64                                           1.10.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
graphite2.i686                                            1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphite2.x86_64                                          1.3.14-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
graphviz.x86_64                                           5.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
grep.x86_64                                               3.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
grilo.x86_64                                              0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                      0.3.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
groff-base.x86_64                                         1.22.4-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
grub2-common.noarch                                       1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                     1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                              1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                      1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                               1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc.x86_64                                           1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                   1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools.x86_64                                        1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                    1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                  1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                1:2.06-94.fc37                       @updates                                   
grubby.x86_64                                             8.40-66.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                          43.0-2.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
gsl.x86_64                                                2.6-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
gsm.i686                                                  1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsm.x86_64                                                1.0.22-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gsound.x86_64                                             1.0.3-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gspell.x86_64                                             1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gssdp.i686                                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gssdp.x86_64                                              1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gstreamer1.i686                                           1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1.x86_64                                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.i686                              1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                            1.20.5-2.fc37                        @nobara-appstream                          
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                         1.20.3-3.fc37                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                          1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.i686                     1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64                   1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                              1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                            1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                        1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.i686                              1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                            1:1.20.5-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                         1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                       1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gstreamer1-vaapi.x86_64                                   1.20.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                              3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                           1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gtk2.i686                                                 2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2.x86_64                                               2.24.33-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                       2.20.2-25.fc37                       @fedora                                    
gtk3.i686                                                 3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk3.x86_64                                               3.24.38-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
gtk4.x86_64                                               4.8.2-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                           3.24.7-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                     4.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                     5.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gts.x86_64                                                0.7.6-42.20121130.fc37               @fedora                                    
guile22.x86_64                                            2.2.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp.i686                                                1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp.x86_64                                              1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
gupnp-av.x86_64                                           0.14.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                         0.12.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.i686                                            1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                          1.2.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint.x86_64                                         5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                    5.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvfs.x86_64                                               1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-client.x86_64                                        1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                       1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                           1.50.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
gvnc.x86_64                                               1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gvncpulse.x86_64                                          1.3.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
gzip.x86_64                                               1.12-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.i686                                             5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz.x86_64                                           5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                       5.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat.x86_64                                            6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hashcat-doc.noarch                                        6.2.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hddtemp.x86_64                                            0.3-0.51.beta15.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hdf-libs.x86_64                                           4.2.15-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hdf5.x86_64                                               1.12.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
hexedit.x86_64                                            1.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                      540.1.linux3-27.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                 0.17-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                            3.28-15.fc37                         @fedora                                    
highway.i686                                              1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
highway.x86_64                                            1.0.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hip-devel.x86_64                                          5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-doc.x86_64                                            5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-runtime-amd.x86_64                                    5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hip-samples.x86_64                                        5.4.22804.50403-121.el9              @nobara-rocm-official                      
hipify-clang.x86_64                                       15.0.0.50403-121.el9                 @nobara-rocm-official                      
hostname.x86_64                                           3.23-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
hplip.x86_64                                              3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-common.x86_64                                       3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-gui.x86_64                                          3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hplip-libs.x86_64                                         3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hsa-rocr.x86_64                                           1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsa-rocr-devel.x86_64                                     1.7.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
hsakmt-roct-devel.x86_64                                  20221020.0.2.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
hspell.x86_64                                             1.4-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                                   1:1.001-7.20200428git336a529.fc37    @fedora                                    
http-parser.x86_64                                        2.9.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
httpd.x86_64                                              2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-core.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                   2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
httpd-tools.x86_64                                        2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
hunspell.x86_64                                           1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hunspell-en.noarch                                        0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                     0.20140811.1-23.fc37                 @fedora                                    
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                                1.7.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hwdata.noarch                                             0.371-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                         2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                     0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                             0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                       0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hypervvssd.x86_64                                         0-0.39.20220731git.fc37              @fedora                                    
hyphen.x86_64                                             2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
hyphen-en.noarch                                          2.8.8-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
i2c-tools.x86_64                                          4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ibus.x86_64                                               1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                         1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                  1.5.14-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                        1.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                     1.13.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-libs.x86_64                                          1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                          1.4.19-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-setup.noarch                                         1.5.27-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                                2.23.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                   3.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ilbc.x86_64                                               3.0.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                      1.4-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
imath.x86_64                                              3.1.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
imlib2.x86_64                                             1.7.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
info.x86_64                                               6.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
inih.i686                                                 56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
inih.x86_64                                               56-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
iniparser.x86_64                                          4.1-11.fc37                          @updates                                   
initscripts.x86_64                                        10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                          10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
initscripts-service.noarch                                10.19-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
inkscape.x86_64                                           1.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
inotify-tools.x86_64                                      3.22.1.0-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                       22.2.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                                 20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
intel-media-driver.x86_64                                 22.5.4-3.fc37                        @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                     22.5.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
inxi.noarch                                               3.3.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ipcalc.x86_64                                             1.0.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ipmitool.x86_64                                           1.8.18-26.fc37                       @fedora                                    
iproute.x86_64                                            5.18.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
ipset.x86_64                                              7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ipset-libs.x86_64                                         7.15-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
iptables-libs.x86_64                                      1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptables-nft.x86_64                                       1.8.8-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
iptstate.x86_64                                           2.2.7-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iputils.x86_64                                            20221126-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                     20220210-2.git64113751.fc37          @fedora                                    
irrXML.x86_64                                             1.8.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                              6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                     6.2.1.4-6.git2a8f9d8.fc37            @fedora                                    
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                    0.101-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
iso-codes.noarch                                          4.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
isomd5sum.x86_64                                          1:1.2.3-17.fc37                      @fedora                                    
iw.x86_64                                                 5.9-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                                  20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                               20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
jansson.x86_64                                            2.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jasper-libs.x86_64                                        3.0.6-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                                    1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                           1:17.0.7.0.7-5.fc37                  @updates                                   
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                            6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javapackages-tools.noarch                                 6.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
javascriptcoregtk4.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                               2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                      0.19-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.i686                                         2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                       2.1-24.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jemalloc.x86_64                                           5.3.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
john.x86_64                                               1.8.0-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                    0.003-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
jq.x86_64                                                 1.6-14.fc37                          @fedora                                    
js-jquery.noarch                                          3.6.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-c.i686                                               0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-c.x86_64                                             0.16-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
json-glib.i686                                            1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
json-glib.x86_64                                          1.6.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
jsoncpp.x86_64                                            1.9.5-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                        1:7.222-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
jwhois.x86_64                                             4.0-68.fc37                          @fedora                                    
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                  1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                              22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                                22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kasumi-common.noarch                                      2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                     2.5-38.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kbd.x86_64                                                2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-legacy.noarch                                         2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kbd-misc.noarch                                           2.5.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                     4-68.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kde-settings.noarch                                       37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kdecoration.x86_64                                        5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kernel.x86_64                                             6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel.x86_64                                             6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-core.x86_64                                        6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel.x86_64                                       6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-headers.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                     6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                                6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.1.14-201.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.2.6-201.fsync.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                               6.3.12-204.fsync.fc37                @nobara-baseos                             
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                                 1.0-16.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
kexec-tools.x86_64                                        2.0.25-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keybinder3.x86_64                                         0.3.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
keyutils.x86_64                                           1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.i686                                        1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                      1.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
kf5-attica.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                           5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                      5.105.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                                 5.105.0-2.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                              5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                               5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                     5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                            5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                         5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                           5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                       5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                                 5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                                  5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                      22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                        5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-solid.x86_64                                          5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                                    5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                      5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
kf5-syndication.x86_64                                    1:5.105.0-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                                   5.105.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                              5.0-36.fc37                          @fedora                                    
kmod.x86_64                                               30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmod-libs.x86_64                                          30-2.fc37                            @fedora                                    
kmodtool.noarch                                           1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
koji.noarch                                               1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
kpartx.x86_64                                             0.9.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
krb5-libs.i686                                            1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                          1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                        1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                   1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
ladspa.x86_64                                             1.13-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lame-libs.i686                                            3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lame-libs.x86_64                                          3.100-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                  3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                             3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langpacks-en.noarch                                       3.0-26.fc37                          @fedora                                    
langtable.noarch                                          0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lasi.x86_64                                               1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
lato-fonts.noarch                                         2.015-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lcms2.i686                                                2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
lcms2.x86_64                                              2.14-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
leptonica.x86_64                                          1.82.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
less.x86_64                                               633-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libFAudio.i686                                            23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libFAudio.x86_64                                          23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libGLEW.i686                                              2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libGLEW.x86_64                                            2.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libICE.i686                                               1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libICE.x86_64                                             1.0.10-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.i686                                                1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libSM.x86_64                                              1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libX11.i686                                               1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11.x86_64                                             1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-common.noarch                                      1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-devel.x86_64                                       1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.i686                                           1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                         1.8.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libXScrnSaver.i686                                        1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                      1.2.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.i686                                               1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau.x86_64                                             1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXau-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.10-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXaw.x86_64                                             1.0.14-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.i686                                        0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcomposite.x86_64                                      0.4.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.i686                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXcursor.x86_64                                         1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.i686                                           1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdamage.x86_64                                         1.1.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXdmcp.x86_64                                           1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.i686                                              1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXext.x86_64                                            1.3.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.i686                                            6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfixes.x86_64                                          6.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXfont2.x86_64                                          2.0.3-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXft.i686                                               2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXft.x86_64                                             2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXi.i686                                                1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXi.x86_64                                              1.8-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libXinerama.i686                                          1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXinerama.x86_64                                        1.1.4-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXmu.x86_64                                             1.1.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXpm.i686                                               3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpm.x86_64                                             3.5.15-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libXpresent.x86_64                                        1.0.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXrandr.i686                                            1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrandr.x86_64                                          1.5.2-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXrender.i686                                           0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXrender.x86_64                                         0.9.10-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXres.x86_64                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXt.x86_64                                              1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXtst.i686                                              1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXtst.x86_64                                            1.2.3-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXv.i686                                                1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXv.x86_64                                              1.0.11-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libXvMC.x86_64                                            1.0.12-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                        1.1.5-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.i686                                           1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                         1.1.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.i686                                               0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liba52.x86_64                                             0.7.4-43.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libabw.x86_64                                             0.1.3-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                                   1.25-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                                    1.16-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libacl.x86_64                                             2.3.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita.x86_64                                         1.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                     1.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaec.x86_64                                             1.0.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libaio.x86_64                                             0.3.111-14.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libao.x86_64                                              1.2.0-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libaom.i686                                               3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libaom.x86_64                                             3.6.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libappindicator.x86_64                                    12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                               12.10.1-0.fc37                       @updates                                   
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                  0.8.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libarchive.x86_64                                         3.6.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libargon2.x86_64                                          20190702-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                        2.3.21-28.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libass.i686                                               0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libass.x86_64                                             0.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libassuan.x86_64                                          2.5.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libasyncns.i686                                           0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libasyncns.x86_64                                         0.8-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libatasmart.x86_64                                        0.19-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libatomic.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libatomic.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libattr.i686                                              2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libattr.x86_64                                            2.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libavc1394.x86_64                                         0.5.4-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libavdevice.x86_64                                        5.1.3-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libavif.i686                                              0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libavif.x86_64                                            0.11.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libb2.x86_64                                              0.98.1-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                      1.5.8-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbase.noarch                                            1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                    0.1.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libblockdev.x86_64                                        2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                     2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                    2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                               2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                 2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                            2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                  2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libbluray.i686                                            1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbluray.x86_64                                          1.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libbpf.x86_64                                             2:0.8.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libbrotli.i686                                            1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbrotli.x86_64                                          1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libbs2b.x86_64                                            3.1.0-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libbsd.x86_64                                             0.11.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libbytesize.x86_64                                        2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libcaca.x86_64                                            0.99-0.62.beta20.fc37                @fedora                                    
libcanberra.i686                                          0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra.x86_64                                        0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                     0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                   0.30-29.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap.i686                                               2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap.x86_64                                             2.48-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libcap-ng.x86_64                                          0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                  0.8.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcbor.x86_64                                            0.7.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcddb.x86_64                                            1.3.2-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcdio.i686                                              2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio.x86_64                                            2.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                   10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libcdr.x86_64                                             0.1.7-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libchamplain.x86_64                                       0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                   0.12.20-7.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libchromaprint.x86_64                                     1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.i686                                    0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                  0.3.1-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libcmis.x86_64                                            0.5.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcollection.x86_64                                      0.7.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.i686                                           1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcom_err.x86_64                                         1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcomps.x86_64                                           0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcue.x86_64                                             2.2.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libcurl.i686                                              7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcurl.x86_64                                            7.85.0-9.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxx.x86_64                                             15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libcxxabi.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdaemon.x86_64                                          0.14-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdap.x86_64                                             3.20.10-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdatrie.i686                                            0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdatrie.x86_64                                          0.2.13-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdav1d.i686                                             1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdav1d.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdazzle.x86_64                                          3.44.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdb.x86_64                                              5.3.28-53.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.i686                                          16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                        16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                     16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                   16.04.0-20.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libdc1394.x86_64                                          2.2.6-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdca.i686                                               0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdca.x86_64                                             0.0.7-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
libde265.i686                                             1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libde265.x86_64                                           1.0.12-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
libdecor.i686                                             0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdecor.x86_64                                           0.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libdhash.x86_64                                           0.5.0-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                     2.9.42-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                                    3.9.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdmx.x86_64                                             1.1.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libdnf.x86_64                                             0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libdrm.i686                                               2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libdrm.x86_64                                             2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                       2.4.114-20221226.d76c387.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                          1.3.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.i686                                            6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdnav.x86_64                                          6.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.i686                                           6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libdvdread.x86_64                                         6.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libe-book.x86_64                                          0.1.3-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libebml.x86_64                                            1.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libeconf.x86_64                                           0.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libedit.i686                                              3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libedit.x86_64                                            3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37              @updates                                   
libeot.x86_64                                             0.01-19.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libepoxy.i686                                             1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepoxy.x86_64                                           1.5.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libepubgen.x86_64                                         0.1.1-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                            1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                            2:1.07.6-9.fc37                      @fedora                                    
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                             1:2.1.5-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                          2:20230625-151.fc37                  @updates                                   
libetonyek.x86_64                                         0.1.10-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevdev.x86_64                                           1.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.i686                                             2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libevent.x86_64                                           2.1.12-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.i686                                              0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexif.x86_64                                            0.6.24-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libexttextcat.x86_64                                      3.4.6-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfbclient2.x86_64                                       4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libfdisk.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libffi.i686                                               3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi.x86_64                                             3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libffi-devel.x86_64                                       3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libfido2.x86_64                                           1.11.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfontenc.x86_64                                         1.1.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libfonts.noarch                                           1.1.3-39.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libformula.noarch                                         1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfprint.x86_64                                          1.94.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                        0.1.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libfreehand.x86_64                                        0.1.2-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libfsverity.x86_64                                        1.4-8.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftdi.x86_64                                            1.5-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libftl.x86_64                                             0.9.14-11.fc37                       @rpmfusion-free                            
libgcab1.x86_64                                           1.5-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgcc.i686                                               12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcc.x86_64                                             12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgcrypt.i686                                            1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgcrypt.x86_64                                          1.10.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdata.x86_64                                           0.18.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgdither.x86_64                                         0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgee.x86_64                                             0.20.6-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgeotiff.x86_64                                         1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgexiv2.x86_64                                          0.14.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgfortran.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgit2.x86_64                                            1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libglvnd.i686                                             1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd.x86_64                                           1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                                1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                     1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-egl.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-gles.i686                                        1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-glx.i686                                         1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libglvnd-opengl.i686                                      1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                    1:1.6.0-0.1.20221226.gitb05bbcd.fc37 @nobara-baseos                             
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                        3.28.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgomp.i686                                              12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgomp.x86_64                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgpg-error.i686                                         1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                       1.46-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
libgphoto2.i686                                           2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgphoto2.x86_64                                         2.5.30-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgpod.x86_64                                            0.8.3-42.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgrss.x86_64                                            0.7.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgs.x86_64                                              9.56.1-7.fc37                        @updates                                   
libgsf.x86_64                                             1.14.47-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libgta.x86_64                                             1.2.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgtop2.x86_64                                           2.40.0-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libgudev.i686                                             237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgudev.x86_64                                           237-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libgusb.i686                                              0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgusb.x86_64                                            0.4.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libgweather.x86_64                                        40.0-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libgweather4.x86_64                                       4.2.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libgxps.x86_64                                            0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libhandy.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libhangul.x86_64                                          0.1.0-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libharu.x86_64                                            2.3.0-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libi2c.x86_64                                             4.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libib-util.x86_64                                         4.0.0.2496-8.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libibverbs.i686                                           41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libibverbs.x86_64                                         41.0-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libical.x86_64                                            3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libical-glib.x86_64                                       3.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libicu.i686                                               71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libicu.x86_64                                             71.1-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn.x86_64                                             1.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libidn2.i686                                              2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libidn2.x86_64                                            2.3.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libieee1284.i686                                          0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libieee1284.x86_64                                        0.2.11-39.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libijs.x86_64                                             0.35-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libimagequant.i686                                        2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimagequant.x86_64                                      2.17.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                   1.3.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                  12.10.1-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libini_config.x86_64                                      1.3.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libinput.x86_64                                           1.22.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libinstpatch.x86_64                                       1.1.6-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libipt.x86_64                                             2.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libiptcdata.x86_64                                        1.0.5-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libjaylink.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjcat.x86_64                                            0.1.13-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                        2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                      2.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libjxl.i686                                               1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libjxl.x86_64                                             1:0.7.0-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkadm5.x86_64                                           1.19.2-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
libkate.x86_64                                            0.4.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libkcapi.x86_64                                           1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                  1.4.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libkml.x86_64                                             1.3.0-40.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libksba.x86_64                                            1.6.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblangtag.x86_64                                         0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblangtag-data.noarch                                    0.6.4-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
liblayout.noarch                                          0.2.10-29.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libldac.i686                                              2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldac.x86_64                                            2.0.2.3-11.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libldb.x86_64                                             2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
liblerc.x86_64                                            4.0.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libliftoff.x86_64                                         0.3.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libloader.noarch                                          1.1.3-37.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouis.x86_64                                           3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                     3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                      2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                                2.11.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
liblqr-1.x86_64                                           0.4.2-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmad.x86_64                                             0.15.1b-34.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libmanette.x86_64                                         0.2.6-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmarkdown.x86_64                                        2.2.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmatroska.x86_64                                        1.7.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                       1.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmbim.x86_64                                            1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                      1.26.4-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmcrypt.x86_64                                          2.5.8-32.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmd.x86_64                                              1.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmediaart.x86_64                                        1.9.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmediainfo.x86_64                                       23.04-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libmetalink.x86_64                                        0.1.3-28.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmicrodns.x86_64                                        0.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmng.x86_64                                             2.0.3-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmnl.x86_64                                             1.0.5-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmodplug.i686                                           1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodplug.x86_64                                         1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
libmodulemd.x86_64                                        2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
libmount.i686                                             2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount.x86_64                                           2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmount-devel.x86_64                                     2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpc.x86_64                                             1.2.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmpcdec.x86_64                                          1.2.6-30.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.i686                                             0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmpeg2.x86_64                                           0.5.1-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmspack.x86_64                                          0.10.1-0.8.alpha.fc37                @fedora                                    
libmspub.x86_64                                           0.1.4-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmtp.x86_64                                             1.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmwaw.x86_64                                            0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libmysofa.i686                                            1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libmysofa.x86_64                                          1.2.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libndp.x86_64                                             1.8-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnet.x86_64                                             1.2-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libnetapi.x86_64                                          2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                             1.0.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                       1.0.1-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnftnl.x86_64                                           1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnghttp2.i686                                           1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                         1.51.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libnice.i686                                              0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnice.x86_64                                            0.1.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnl3.i686                                               3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3.x86_64                                             3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                         3.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnma.x86_64                                             1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                        1.10.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libnotify.x86_64                                          0.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libnsl.i686                                               2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
libnsl.x86_64                                             2.36-10.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
libnsl2.i686                                              2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnsl2.x86_64                                            2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libnumbertext.x86_64                                      1.0.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liboauth.x86_64                                           1.0.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libodfgen.x86_64                                          0.1.8-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libogg.i686                                               2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libogg.x86_64                                             2:1.3.5-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libomp.x86_64                                             15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libomp-devel.x86_64                                       15.0.7-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.i686                                           0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libopenmpt.x86_64                                         0.6.10-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
liborcus.x86_64                                           0.17.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libosinfo.x86_64                                          1.10.0-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
libpagemaker.x86_64                                       0.0.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpaper.x86_64                                           1.1.28-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                        2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libpath_utils.x86_64                                      0.2.1-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpcap.i686                                              14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpcap.x86_64                                            14:1.10.4-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libpciaccess.i686                                         0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                       0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                                 0.16-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libpeas.x86_64                                            1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                        1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                             1.34.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libphonenumber.x86_64                                     8.12.57-6.fc37                       @updates                                   
libpinyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                     2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpipeline.x86_64                                        1.5.6-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpkgconf.x86_64                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libplacebo.i686                                           4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplacebo.x86_64                                         4.208.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libplist.x86_64                                           2.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpng.i686                                               2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng.x86_64                                             2:1.6.37-13.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libpng12.i686                                             1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libpng12.x86_64                                           1.2.57-16.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libportal.x86_64                                          0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                     0.6-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libpq.x86_64                                              14.3-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libproxy.i686                                             0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy.x86_64                                           0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                                   0.4.18-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpskc.x86_64                                            2.6.7-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libpsl.i686                                               0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpsl.x86_64                                             0.21.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libpwquality.x86_64                                       1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqhull_r.x86_64                                         1:7.2.1-10.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libqmi.x86_64                                             1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                       1.30.8-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                                    1.8.0-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                       1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libquadmath.x86_64                                        12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                                  12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libqxp.x86_64                                             0.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libraqm.x86_64                                            0.8.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libraw1394.x86_64                                         2.1.2-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libref_array.x86_64                                       0.1.5-52.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libreoffice.x86_64                                        1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-base.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-data.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                          1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                                1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                            1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-math.x86_64                                   1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                               1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                       1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                              1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                                  1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                             1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                                 1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                    1:7.4.6.2-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
librepo.x86_64                                            1.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libreport.x86_64                                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                 2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-cli.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-fedora.x86_64                                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-filesystem.noarch                               2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                          2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                        2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                            2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                    2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                   2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                           2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
libreport-web.x86_64                                      2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
librepository.noarch                                      1.1.3-36.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libretls.x86_64                                           3.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librevenge.x86_64                                         0.0.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
librist.x86_64                                            0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
librsvg2.i686                                             2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librsvg2.x86_64                                           2.54.5-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
librtmp.i686                                              2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librtmp.x86_64                                            2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37      @rpmfusion-free                            
librttopo.x86_64                                          1.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsamplerate.x86_64                                      0.2.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                    0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                      3.23.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libsbc.i686                                               1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libsbc.x86_64                                             1.5-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libseat.x86_64                                            0.7.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
libseccomp.x86_64                                         2.5.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsecret.x86_64                                          0.20.5-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libselinux.i686                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux.x86_64                                         3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsemanage.x86_64                                        3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.i686                                             3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol.x86_64                                           3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                     3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libserf.x86_64                                            1.3.9-27.fc37                        @updates                                   
libserializer.noarch                                      1.1.2-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libshaderc.i686                                           2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshaderc.x86_64                                         2022.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
libshout.i686                                             2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshout.x86_64                                           2.4.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libshumate.x86_64                                         1.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsigc++20.x86_64                                        2.10.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsigsegv.x86_64                                         2.14-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libslirp.x86_64                                           4.7.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmartcols.x86_64                                       2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libsmbios.x86_64                                          2.4.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsmi.x86_64                                             0.4.8-31.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsndfile.i686                                           1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsndfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsodium.x86_64                                          1.0.18-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libsolv.x86_64                                            0.7.22-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.i686                                              2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup.x86_64                                            2.74.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsoup3.i686                                             3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsoup3.x86_64                                           3.2.2-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
libspatialaudio.x86_64                                    3.1-7.20200406gitd926a2e.fc37        @fedora                                    
libspatialite.x86_64                                      5.0.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libspectre.x86_64                                         0.2.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libspnav.x86_64                                           1.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libsquish.x86_64                                          1.15-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.i686                                              2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libsrtp.x86_64                                            2.3.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libss.x86_64                                              1.46.5-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libssh.i686                                               0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh.x86_64                                             0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh-config.noarch                                      0.10.5-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libssh2.x86_64                                            1.10.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                     2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                       2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libstaroffice.x86_64                                      0.0.7-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libstdc++.i686                                            12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++.x86_64                                          12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                    12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libstemmer.i686                                           0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libstemmer.x86_64                                         0-19.585svn.fc37                     @fedora                                    
libtalloc.x86_64                                          2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtasn1.i686                                             4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtasn1.x86_64                                           4.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libtdb.i686                                               1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtdb.x86_64                                             1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libteam.x86_64                                            1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libtevent.x86_64                                          0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.i686                                              0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libthai.x86_64                                            0.1.29-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtheora.i686                                            1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtheora.x86_64                                          1:1.1.1-32.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libtiff.i686                                              4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiff.x86_64                                            4.4.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtiger.x86_64                                           0.3.4-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                     0.4.5.2-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtirpc.i686                                             1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtirpc.x86_64                                           1.3.3-1.rc1.fc37                     @updates                                   
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                        1.18.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libtommath.x86_64                                         1.2.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.i686                                         2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                       2.4.7-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libtracker-sparql.i686                                    3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                  3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libubsan.x86_64                                           12.3.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libudfread.i686                                           1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudfread.x86_64                                         1.1.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libudisks2.x86_64                                         2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libunistring.i686                                         1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunistring.x86_64                                       1.0-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libunity.x86_64                                           7.1.4-30.20190319.fc37               @fedora                                    
libunwind.i686                                            1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libunwind.x86_64                                          1.6.2-5.fc37                         @updates                                   
libupnp.x86_64                                            1.14.17-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
liburing.x86_64                                           2.3-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
libusb-compat-0.1.x86_64                                  0.1.7-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libusb1.i686                                              1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusb1.x86_64                                            1.0.25-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                         2.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuser.x86_64                                            0.63-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libutempter.x86_64                                        1.2.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libuuid.i686                                              2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuuid.x86_64                                            2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libuv.x86_64                                              1:1.44.2-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libv4l.i686                                               1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libv4l.x86_64                                             1.22.1-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.i686                                                2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva.x86_64                                              2.16.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                                 2.4.1-9.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
libva-intel-hybrid-driver.x86_64                          1.0.2-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvdpau.i686                                             1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libvdpau.x86_64                                           1.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
libverto.i686                                             0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libverto.x86_64                                           0.3.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvisio.x86_64                                           0.1.7-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvisual.i686                                            1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvisual.x86_64                                          1:0.4.0-36.fc37                      @fedora                                    
libvmaf.x86_64                                            2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvncserver.x86_64                                       0.9.13-13.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvoikko.x86_64                                          4.3.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libvorbis.i686                                            1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvorbis.x86_64                                          1:1.3.7-6.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libvpx.i686                                               1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libvpx.x86_64                                             1.12.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwacom.x86_64                                           2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwacom-data.noarch                                      2.6.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwayland-client.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-client.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.i686                                       1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                     1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.i686                                    1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwayland-server.x86_64                                  1.21.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwbclient.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwebp.i686                                              1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwebp.x86_64                                            1.3.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libwinpr.x86_64                                           2:2.10.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                        0.2.12-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwnck3.x86_64                                           43.0-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
libwpd.x86_64                                             0.10.3-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libwpe.x86_64                                             1.14.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libwpg.x86_64                                             0.3.3-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libwps.x86_64                                             0.4.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libxcb.i686                                               1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb.x86_64                                             1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                       1.13.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
libxcrypt.i686                                            4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt.x86_64                                          4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.i686                                     4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                   4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                    4.4.35-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxcvt.x86_64                                            0.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.i686                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                       1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                   1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxkbfile.x86_64                                         1.1.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libxklavier.x86_64                                        5.4-21.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxml2.i686                                              2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxml2.x86_64                                            2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxmlb.x86_64                                            0.3.11-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libxshmfence.i686                                         1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxshmfence.x86_64                                       1.3-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
libxslt.x86_64                                            1.1.38-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libyaml.x86_64                                            0.2.5-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libyubikey.x86_64                                         1.13-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzen.x86_64                                             0.4.41-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
libzhuyin.x86_64                                          2.6.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzip.x86_64                                             1.9.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
libzmf.x86_64                                             0.0.2-22.fc37                        @fedora                                    
libzstd.i686                                              1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd.x86_64                                            1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                      1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lilv-libs.i686                                            0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lilv-libs.x86_64                                          0.24.14-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
linux-firmware.noarch                                     20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                              20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
lirc-libs.x86_64                                          0.10.0-37.fc37                       @fedora                                    
live555.x86_64                                            2023.03.30-1.fc37                    @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                       1.0.19-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
llvm.x86_64                                               15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.i686                                            15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm-libs.x86_64                                          15.0.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
llvm13-libs.x86_64                                        13.0.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors.x86_64                                         3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                      3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                    3.6.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lmdb.x86_64                                               0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                          0.9.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
lockdev.i686                                              1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
lockdev.x86_64                                            1.0.4-0.38.20111007git.fc37          @fedora                                    
logrotate.x86_64                                          3.20.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                               2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                2.91.5-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                             2.95.5-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                               2.92.4-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                2.5.4-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                                2.94.2-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                   2.91.2-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                  2.91.3-14.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                 2.5.5-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                 2.1-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpf.noarch                                                0.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
lpsolve.x86_64                                            5.5.2.0-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lrzsz.x86_64                                              0.12.20-56.fc37                      @fedora                                    
lsof.x86_64                                               4.94.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lttng-ust.x86_64                                          2.13.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lua.x86_64                                                5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-libs.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
lua-posix.x86_64                                          35.1-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                    1-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
luajit.x86_64                                             2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc37                 @updates                                   
lutris.x86_64                                             0.5.13-9.git.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
lv2.x86_64                                                1.18.8-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
lvm2.x86_64                                               2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                         2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                          2.03.11-9.fc37                       @fedora                                    
lz4-libs.i686                                             1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lz4-libs.x86_64                                           1.9.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
lzo.x86_64                                                2.10-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
lzop.x86_64                                               1.04-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
m17n-db.noarch                                            1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m17n-lib.x86_64                                           1.8.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
m4.x86_64                                                 1.4.19-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mactel-boot.x86_64                                        0.9-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mailcap.noarch                                            2.1.53-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
make.x86_64                                               1:4.3-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent.x86_64                                         0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-control.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                    0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                 0.11.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-db.x86_64                                             2.10.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
man-pages.noarch                                          5.13-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mangohud.i686                                             0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mangohud.x86_64                                           0.6.9.1-7.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
mariadb.x86_64                                            3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-common.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                                3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                         3.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64                    3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                   3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                              3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server.x86_64                                     3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                               3:10.5.20-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
material-icons-fonts.noarch                               4.0.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mbedtls.x86_64                                            2.28.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mcelog.x86_64                                             3:175-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mdadm.x86_64                                              4.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
media-player-info.noarch                                  23-11.fc37                           @fedora                                    
mediainfo.x86_64                                          23.04-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
mediawriter.x86_64                                        5.0.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
memstrack.x86_64                                          0.2.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
memtest86+.x86_64                                         5.31-0.7.beta.fc37                   @fedora                                    
mesa-demos.x86_64                                         8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36     @anaconda                                  
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                   23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-filesystem.i686                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                    23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libEGL.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGL.i686                                           23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                         23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                        9.0.2-0.1.20221226.gitcbbff88.fc37   @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                       23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                     23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libgbm.i686                                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libglapi.i686                                        23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                      23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                  23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.i686                            23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                          23.1.4-1.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                                  23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                                23.2.0-git.20230726.3954d54.fc37     @nobara-baseos                             
meson.noarch                                              1.0.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mhash.x86_64                                              0.9.9.9-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                      2:2.1-53.1.fc37                      @updates                                   
minizip.x86_64                                            3.0.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
minizip-compat.x86_64                                     1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mjpegtools-libs.i686                                      2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                                    2.2.1-3.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
mkfontscale.x86_64                                        1.2.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mkpasswd.x86_64                                           5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                     20220725-1.fc37                      @fedora                                    
mock.noarch                                               4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mock-core-configs.noarch                                  38.6-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
mock-filesystem.noarch                                    4.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                          0.6-27.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mod_http2.x86_64                                          2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
mod_lua.x86_64                                            2.4.57-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mokutil.x86_64                                            2:0.6.0-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                 1.9-29.fc37                          @fedora                                    
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                                   2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
mozjs102.x86_64                                           102.12.0-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
mozjs91.x86_64                                            91.13.0-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
mpage.x86_64                                              2.5.7-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpdecimal.x86_64                                          2.5.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mpfr.x86_64                                               4.1.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mpg123-libs.i686                                          1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                        1.31.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mpv.x86_64                                                0.35.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-bc-fonts.noarch                                    3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-edwin-fonts.noarch                                 3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts.noarch                                       3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-fonts-all.noarch                                   3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-gootville-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-leland-fonts.noarch                                3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretab-fonts.noarch                             3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-mscoretext-fonts.noarch                            3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mscore-musejazz-fonts.noarch                              3.6.2-13.fc37                        @updates                                   
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                                    20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
mtd-utils.x86_64                                          2.1.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtdev.x86_64                                              1.1.6-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mtools.x86_64                                             4.0.43-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
mtr.x86_64                                                2:0.95-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
mutter.x86_64                                             43.2.vrr.11-2.fc37                   @nobara-baseos                             
mysql-selinux.noarch                                      1.0.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
mythes.x86_64                                             1.2.4-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
mythes-en.noarch                                          3.0-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
nano.x86_64                                               6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nano-default-editor.noarch                                6.4-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nautilus.x86_64                                           43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-admin.noarch                                     1.1.9-3.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                                43.2-4.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nautilus-python.x86_64                                    4.0-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ncurses.x86_64                                            6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-base.noarch                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.i686                                         6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc37                  @updates                                   
ndctl.x86_64                                              77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                         77-1.fc37                            @updates                                   
neofetch.noarch                                           7.1.0-10.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                      1:5.9.3-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
net-tools.x86_64                                          2.0-0.64.20160912git.fc37            @updates                                   
netavark.x86_64                                           1.7.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcat.x86_64                                             1.225-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
netcdf.x86_64                                             4.9.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
netpbm.x86_64                                             11.02.00-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                     7.0.109-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nettle.i686                                               3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nettle.x86_64                                             3.8-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
newt.x86_64                                               0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
nftables.x86_64                                           1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                                    3-7.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ninja-build.x86_64                                        1.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                               1.28.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap.x86_64                                               3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                          3:7.93-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nobara-amdgpu-config.x86_64                               2.1-0.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-bookmarks.noarch                                   37-1.fc37                            @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-controller-config.noarch                           1.0-6.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-gpg-keys.noarch                                    37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login.noarch                                       1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-config.noarch                                1.1-1.fc37                           @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-login-sysctl.noarch                                1.1-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos.noarch                                       36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-logos-httpd.noarch                                 36.0.0-15.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-nvidia-wizard.noarch                               1.1-12.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-common.noarch                              37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-identity-workstation.noarch                37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-release-workstation.noarch                         37-2                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-repos.noarch                                       37-9                                 @nobara-baseos                             
nobara-welcome.noarch                                     2.5-17.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
nodejs.x86_64                                             1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-docs.noarch                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                   1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                        1:18.16.0-8.fc37                     @updates                                   
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                         1:9.5.1-1.18.16.0.8.fc37             @updates                                   
nordvpn.x86_64                                            3.16.3-1                             @repo.nordvpn.com_yum_nordvpn_centos_x86_64
npth.x86_64                                               1.6-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
nspr.i686                                                 4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nspr.x86_64                                               4.35.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.i686                                                  3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss.x86_64                                                3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-mdns.i686                                             0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-mdns.x86_64                                           0.15.1-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
nss-softokn.i686                                          3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                                   3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                 3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                        3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.i686                                             3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
nss-util.x86_64                                           3.90.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                            2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                         1.0-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                          2:2022.10.3-1.fc37                   @updates                                   
numactl.x86_64                                            2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.i686                                         2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
numactl-libs.x86_64                                       2.0.14-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.i686                               1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
obs-studio-gamecapture.x86_64                             1.4.0-1.20230712.ba9ab83.fc37        @nobara-baseos                             
obs-studio-libs.x86_64                                    29.1.3-5.20230709.c58e511.fc37       @nobara-appstream                          
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                  7-2.fc37                             @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.i686                                              2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ocl-icd.x86_64                                            2.3.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ogdi.x86_64                                               4.1.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
oidn-libs.x86_64                                          1.4.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
okular.x86_64                                             22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-libs.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
okular-part.x86_64                                        22.12.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
oneapi-level-zero.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
ongres-scram.noarch                                       2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-scram-client.noarch                                2.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
ongres-stringprep.noarch                                  1.1-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
oniguruma.x86_64                                          6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37     @fedora                                    
onlyoffice-desktopeditors.x86_64                          7.4.0-163.el7                        @nobara-onlyoffice                         
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                    1.10-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                      12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                              12.1.5-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                        1.6.70-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openal-soft.i686                                          1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openal-soft.x86_64                                        1.22.2-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
openblas.x86_64                                           0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                                  0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-serial.x86_64                                    0.3.21-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                               2-12.fc37                            @fedora                                    
opencl-filesystem.noarch                                  1.0-16.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencolorio1.x86_64                                       1.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openconnect.x86_64                                        9.01-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
opencore-amr.i686                                         0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencore-amr.x86_64                                       0.1.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
opencv-core.x86_64                                        4.6.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openexr-libs.x86_64                                       3.1.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openh264.x86_64                                           2.3.1-1.fc37                         @fedora-cisco-openh264                     
openjpeg2.i686                                            2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openjpeg2.x86_64                                          2.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
openldap.i686                                             2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap.x86_64                                           2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openldap-compat.x86_64                                    2.6.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openmp-extras-runtime.x86_64                              15.54.0.50403-121.el9                @nobara-rocm-official                      
openpgl.x86_64                                            0.4.1-0.1.beta.fc37                  @updates                                   
openpgm.x86_64                                            5.2.122-29.fc37                      @fedora                                    
opensc.x86_64                                             0.23.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
openshadinglanguage-libs.x86_64                           1.12.10.0-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
openssh.x86_64                                            8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-clients.x86_64                                    8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssh-server.x86_64                                     8.8p1-10.fc37                        @updates                                   
openssl.x86_64                                            1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-devel.x86_64                                      1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.i686                                         1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                       1:3.0.9-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                       0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                     0.4.12-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opensubdiv.x86_64                                         3.5.0-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                       10.0.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
openvpn.x86_64                                            2.5.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
openxr-libs.x86_64                                        1.0.27-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
opus.i686                                                 1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
opus.x86_64                                               1.3.1-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.i686                                                  0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orc.x86_64                                                0.4.31-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
orca.noarch                                               43.1-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
os-prober.x86_64                                          1.81-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
osinfo-db.noarch                                          20230518-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                    1.10.0-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree.x86_64                                             2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
ostree-libs.x86_64                                        2022.7-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
p11-kit.i686                                              0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit.x86_64                                            0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                     0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                      0.24.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip.x86_64                                              16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                      16.02-24.fc37                        @fedora                                    
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                          0.5-7.fc37                           @updates                                   
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                          6.0-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pam.x86_64                                                1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.2-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pam_afs_session.x86_64                                    2.6-17.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                       2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pango.i686                                                1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pango.x86_64                                              1.50.14-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
pangomm.x86_64                                            2.46.3-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
papirus-icon-theme.noarch                                 20230301-2.fc37                      @updates                                   
paps.x86_64                                               0.7.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
parted.x86_64                                             3.5-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
partio-libs.x86_64                                        1.14.6-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
passt.x86_64                                              0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passt-selinux.noarch                                      0^20230625.g32660ce-1.fc37           @updates                                   
passwd.x86_64                                             0.80-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
passwdqc.x86_64                                           2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
patch.x86_64                                              2.7.6-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
patchutils.x86_64                                         0.4.2-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pavucontrol.x86_64                                        5.0-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                         1.1-10.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pciutils.x86_64                                           3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                      3.9.0-2.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
pcre.i686                                                 8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre.x86_64                                               8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                           8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-devel.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                         8.45-1.fc37.2                        @fedora                                    
pcre2.i686                                                10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2.x86_64                                              10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                       10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                        10.40-1.fc37.1                       @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                          1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                     1.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                       1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                     1.9.9-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pdftk-java.noarch                                         3.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                     1.1.3-35.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                      1:0.9.4-28.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl.x86_64                                               4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                                1.2010-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                                   2.40-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                   1.68-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                            1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                    5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                     5.74-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-B.x86_64                                             1.83-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                     1.23-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-CPAN.noarch                                          2.36-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                             0.12-26.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                     2.150010-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                        2.140-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                                0.018-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Carp.noarch                                          1.52-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                  0.66-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                                2.28-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                            2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                             2.201-7.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                             2.202-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                             0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                                 0.34-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                                4.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                                   1.22-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-DBI.x86_64                                           1.643-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                                    0.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                       1.858-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                   2.184-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                  0.112-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Data-Section.noarch                                  0.200007-17.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                                  3.68-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                                    1.32-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                             1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                                    0.83-13.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Digest.noarch                                        1.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                    2.58-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                    1:6.03-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                                   2.13-37.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                     1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                                     2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                    1.52-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Encode.x86_64                                        4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                 1.05-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                                  4:3.19-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-English.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Env.noarch                                           1.05-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Errno.x86_64                                         1.36-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Exporter.noarch                                      5.77-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                             1:0.280236-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                              2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                             0.25-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                                1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                              2.20-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                             2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                            2:7.66-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                             1:1.73-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                             1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                              1:3.45-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                         1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                                  0.09-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                 2.85-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                  1.100.700-494.fc37                   @updates                                   
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                     2.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                                  1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                                    1.04-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Find.noarch                                     1.40-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                                  1.006-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                  6.15-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-Path.noarch                                     2.18-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                     1:0.231.100-489.fc37                 @fedora                                    
perl-File-Which.noarch                                    1.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-File-stat.noarch                                     1.12-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileCache.noarch                                     1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                    2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Filter.x86_64                                        2:1.64-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                                 0.96-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-FindBin.noarch                                       1.53-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                                     1:1.23-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                   1:2.54-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                    1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                     6.05-10.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                     0.086-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                                     0.28-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                                  1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                                 0.45-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                 0.21-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO.x86_64                                            1.50-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                   2.201-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                              2.201-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                  0.41-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                 2.075-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                       1:1.11-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                       2:1.04-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                     1.22-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                      2.09-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                             1.30-9.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                                12.60-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Importer.noarch                                      0.026-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                       1:4.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                       1:4.03-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                               1.32-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                        1:0.21-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                   3.16-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                                  1.013.1-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                    0.15-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                   1:1.9998.37-2.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                          0.501.300-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                                   0.2624-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                  1.59-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Memoize.noarch                                       1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Module-Build.noarch                                  2:0.42.31-15.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                               1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                         1:5.20230423-1.fc37                  @updates                                   
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                   1:0.36-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                       0.74-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                                 1:0.08-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                               1.000037-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                              0.88-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                    20211001-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                     1.15-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NEXT.noarch                                          0.69-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-NKF.x86_64                                           1:2.1.4-26.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Net.noarch                                           1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                      2.75-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                    1.92-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                                     1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                               0.009-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                        1.57-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                         2.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                             1.106-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Check.noarch                                  1:0.38-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                   1.102-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                     3.84-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                                   1.010-490.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                        0.10-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                                   4:1.75-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                   1:1.07-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                                 1.14-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                      1.33-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                   3.28.01-490.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                    1:3.43-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                     4:2.03-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Safe.noarch                                          2.43-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                             5:1.63-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                                   1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                                    1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                        4:2.036-1.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-Software-License.noarch                              0.104002-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Storable.x86_64                                      1:3.26-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                  0.988-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                   0.928-33.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Symbol.noarch                                        1.09-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                                  1.24-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                    0.36-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                                5.01-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                      1.17-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                                 1.403-494.fc37                       @updates                                   
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                                 1.17-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                                 0.002-38.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                                0.031-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Term-Table.noarch                                    0.016-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                   2.38-14.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Test.noarch                                          1.31-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                  1:3.44-490.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                                   3:1.302191-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                                   1.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                 2.06-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                     1.45-16.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                     0.11-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                               3.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                                2023.0511-1.fc37                     @updates                                   
perl-Text-Template.noarch                                 1.60-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-Thread.noarch                                        3.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                  3.14-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                              2.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie.noarch                                           4.6-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-File.noarch                                      1.06-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                                   1.1-494.fc37                         @updates                                   
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                                   1.40-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Time.noarch                                          1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                    4:1.9770-489.fc37                    @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                    2:1.300-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                    1.3401-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                      1:2.33-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                              1.01-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-URI.noarch                                           5.17-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
perl-URI-Encode.noarch                                    1.1.1-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                               1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                             2019.001-14.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                             1.31-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                                   0.78-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-User-pwent.noarch                                    1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                                    0.81-45.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                    2.46-12.fc37                         @fedora                                    
perl-autodie.noarch                                       2.34-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-autouse.noarch                                       1.11-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-base.noarch                                          2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-bignum.noarch                                        0.66-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
perl-blib.noarch                                          1.07-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                  3.7.5-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-constant.noarch                                      1.33-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-debugger.noarch                                      1.60-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-deprecate.noarch                                     0.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-devel.x86_64                                         4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-diagnostics.noarch                                   1.39-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-doc.noarch                                           5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-encoding.x86_64                                      4:3.00-492.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                             0.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-experimental.noarch                                  0.028-489.fc37                       @fedora                                    
perl-fields.noarch                                        2.27-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-filetest.noarch                                      1.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-if.noarch                                            0.61.000-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-inc-latest.noarch                                    2:0.500-23.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                   4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-less.noarch                                          0.03-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-lib.x86_64                                           0.65-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-libnet.noarch                                        3.14-490.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                     4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-libs.x86_64                                          4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-local-lib.noarch                                     2.000029-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-locale.noarch                                        1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-macros.noarch                                        4:5.36.1-494.fc37                    @updates                                   
perl-meta-notation.noarch                                 5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-mro.x86_64                                           1.26-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-open.noarch                                          1.13-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overload.noarch                                      1.35-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-overloading.noarch                                   0.02-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-parent.noarch                                        1:0.238-489.fc37                     @fedora                                    
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                       5.20210520-489.fc37                  @fedora                                    
perl-ph.x86_64                                            5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-podlators.noarch                                     1:4.14-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                       1.10-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-sort.noarch                                          2.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                   1-46.fc37                            @fedora                                    
perl-subs.noarch                                          1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-threads.x86_64                                       1:2.27-489.fc37                      @fedora                                    
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                1.64-489.fc37                        @fedora                                    
perl-utils.noarch                                         5.36.1-494.fc37                      @updates                                   
perl-vars.noarch                                          1.05-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
perl-version.x86_64                                       8:0.99.29-490.fc37                   @fedora                                    
perl-vmsish.noarch                                        1.04-494.fc37                        @updates                                   
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                         4.11.1-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                       2:4.10.0-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
picosat-libs.x86_64                                       965-15.fc37                          @fedora                                    
pigz.x86_64                                               2.7-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
pinentry.x86_64                                           1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                    1.2.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pinfo.x86_64                                              0.6.10-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
pipewire.i686                                             0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire.x86_64                                           0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-codec-aptx.x86_64                                0.3.71-1.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                 0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.i686                                        0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                      0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                                0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                     0.3.71-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pixman.i686                                               0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pixman.x86_64                                             0.40.0-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                      1.29.0-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
pkgconf.x86_64                                            1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                         1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                 1.8.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                      5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                               5.27.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plocate.x86_64                                            1.1.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
plymouth.x86_64                                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                 22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                           22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                   22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                              22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                             22.02.122-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
pocl.x86_64                                               3.1-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
podman.x86_64                                             5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                     5:4.5.0-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
policycoreutils.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
polkit.x86_64                                             121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-libs.x86_64                                        121-4.fc37.2                         @updates                                   
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                 0.1-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                       0.114.0-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
poly2tri.x86_64                                           0.0-25.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc37   @fedora                                    
poppler.x86_64                                            22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-data.noarch                                       0.4.11-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
poppler-glib.x86_64                                       22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                        22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
poppler-utils.x86_64                                      22.08.0-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
popt.x86_64                                               1.19-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                                    42.4.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
potrace.x86_64                                            1.16-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                              0.12-3.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
powerline.x86_64                                          2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
powerline-fonts.noarch                                    2.8.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
ppp.x86_64                                                2.4.9-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
pptp.x86_64                                               1.10.0-15.fc37                       @fedora                                    
procps-ng.x86_64                                          3.3.17-6.fc37.2                      @updates                                   
proj.x86_64                                               9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data.noarch                                          9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-at.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-au.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-be.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-br.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ca.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-ch.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-de.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-dk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-es.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-eur.noarch                                      9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fi.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fo.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-fr.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-is.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-jp.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-mx.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nc.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nl.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-no.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-nz.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-pt.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-se.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-sk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-uk.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-us.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
proj-data-za.noarch                                       9.0.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf.x86_64                                           3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protobuf-c.x86_64                                         1.4.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                      3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
protonup-qt.x86_64                                        2.8.0-4.git.fc37                     @nobara-baseos                             
psacct.x86_64                                             6.6.4-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
psmisc.x86_64                                             23.4-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ptex-libs.x86_64                                          2.4.2-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                            20230614-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
pugixml.x86_64                                            1.13-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                      16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                    16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                   16.1-4.fc37                          @updates                                   
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                              1.9.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
pypy.x86_64                                               7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pypy-libs.x86_64                                          7.3.11-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
pystring.x86_64                                           1.1.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-launcher.x86_64                                    1.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                   22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                              5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                            62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                 3.11-6.fc37                          @updates                                   
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                 235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python-unversioned-command.noarch                         3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3.x86_64                                            3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-GitPython.noarch                                  3.1.30-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-LibAppArmor.x86_64                                3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-ROPGadget.noarch                                  7.2-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-abrt.x86_64                                       2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                                 2.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-apparmor.noarch                                   3.1.3-0.2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
python3-appdirs.noarch                                    1.4.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-argcomplete.noarch                                2.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-audit.x86_64                                      3.1.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-augeas.noarch                                     1.1.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-authlib.noarch                                    1.2.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-babel.noarch                                      2.10.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                     3.2.2-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-beaker.noarch                                     1.12.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                             4.12.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-blivet.noarch                                     1:3.5.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-2.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                     0.8.4-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-brotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bugzilla.noarch                                   3.2.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-cachetools.noarch                                 5.2.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cairo.x86_64                                      1.21.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-capstone.x86_64                                   4.0.2-11.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cccolutils.x86_64                                 1.5-22.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-certifi.noarch                                    2021.10.8-3.fc37                     @fedora                                    
python3-cffi.x86_64                                       1.15.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-chardet.noarch                                    5.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                         2.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-click.noarch                                      8.1.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-colored-traceback.noarch                          0.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-conda.noarch                                      4.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-conda-package-handling.x86_64                     1.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-configobj.noarch                                  5.0.6-29.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-construct.noarch                                  2.10.68-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                                    8.0.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-crypto.x86_64                                     2.6.1-41.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cryptography.x86_64                               37.0.2-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-cssselect.noarch                                  1.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-cups.x86_64                                       2.0.1-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-cytoolz.x86_64                                    0.11.2-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-dasbus.noarch                                     1.6-6.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-dateutil.noarch                                   1:2.8.2-4.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-dbus.x86_64                                       1.3.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-decorator.noarch                                  5.1.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-distro.noarch                                     1.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-dnf.noarch                                        4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                           4.4.0-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch                  4.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-dns.noarch                                        2.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-enchant.noarch                                    3.2.2-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-evdev.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-fedora.noarch                                     1.1.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-file-magic.noarch                                 5.42-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-filelock.noarch                                   3.7.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-firewall.noarch                                   1.2.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-frozendict.noarch                                 1.2-23.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-gitdb.noarch                                      4.0.9-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-gobject.x86_64                                    3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                               3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                        3.42.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gpg.x86_64                                        1.17.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                     1.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-humanize.noarch                                   3.13.1-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-idna.noarch                                       3.3-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-intervaltree.noarch                               3.1.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-jinja2.noarch                                     3.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-kerberos.x86_64                                   1.3.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-kickstart.noarch                                  3.41-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-kitchen.noarch                                    1.2.6-14.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-koji.noarch                                       1.33.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-langtable.noarch                                  0.0.62-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-ldb.x86_64                                        2.6.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                   0.1.18-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                     0.70.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                                2.15.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libreport.x86_64                                  2.17.11-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-libs.x86_64                                       3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                 3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                                3.5-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                    2.10.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lockfile.noarch                                   1:0.12.2-8.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-louis.noarch                                      3.24.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-lxml.x86_64                                       4.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-mako.noarch                                       1.1.4-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                 2.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-meh.noarch                                        0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                    0.50-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-moddb.noarch                                      0.8.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-munch.noarch                                      2.5.0-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-mutagen.noarch                                    1.45.1-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-newt.x86_64                                       0.52.23-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-nftables.x86_64                                   1:1.0.4-3.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-notify2.noarch                                    0.3.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-numpy.x86_64                                      1:1.24.3-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-olefile.noarch                                    0.46-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-openidc-client.noarch                             0.6.0-17.20220119git0e2ed81.fc37     @fedora                                    
python3-packaging.noarch                                  21.3-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-paramiko.noarch                                   2.12.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-paste.noarch                                      3.5.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pexpect.noarch                                    4.8.0-13.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pid.noarch                                        2.2.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pillow.x86_64                                     9.2.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pip.noarch                                        22.2.2-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-plumbum.noarch                                    1.7.2-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ply.noarch                                        3.11-17.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                            3.5-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
python3-productmd.noarch                                  1.35-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-progressbar2.noarch                               3.53.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-protobuf.x86_64                                   3.19.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-psutil.x86_64                                     5.9.1-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                 0.6.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pwntools.noarch                                   4.8.0-4.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                  21.0.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                     0.4.8-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                    2.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pybeam.noarch                                     0.7-4.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pycosat.x86_64                                    0.6.3-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pycparser.noarch                                  2.20-8.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                              3.17.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                     7.45.1-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyelftools.noarch                                 0.29-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                     1.7.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pygments.noarch                                   2.12.0-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                     1.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                  3.0.9-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                   1:3.12.0-6.fc37                      @fedora                                    
python3-pypresence.noarch                                 4.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                  12.11.0-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-pyrate-limiter.noarch                             2.10.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyroute2.noarch                                   0.6.12-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyserial.noarch                                   3.5-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-pyside2.x86_64                                    1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-pysocks.noarch                                    1.7.1-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pytz.noarch                                       2023.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-pyudev.noarch                                     0.23.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-pyusb.noarch                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                      0.27-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                     6.0-5.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-qt5.x86_64                                        5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                   5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-regex.x86_64                                      2022.10.31-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
python3-reportlab.noarch                                  4.0.4-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-requests.noarch                                   2.28.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-requests-file.noarch                              1.5.1-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                               0.3.1-26.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                            1.2.3-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-requests-kerberos.noarch                          0.12.0-18.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3-rpkg.noarch                                       1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                        4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                                0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-rpyc.noarch                                       5.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-ruamel-yaml.noarch                                0.17.26-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                           0.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-samba.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                   2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-scour.noarch                                      0.38.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-setools.x86_64                                    4.4.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                               1.2.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-setuptools.noarch                                 62.6.0-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-shiboken2.x86_64                                  1:5.15.7-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                                1.0.4-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-simpleline.noarch                                 1.9.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-six.noarch                                        1.16.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-smmap.noarch                                      5.0.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-sortedcontainers.noarch                           2.4.0-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                  2.3.2.post1-7.fc37                   @fedora                                    
python3-speechd.x86_64                                    0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-steam.noarch                                      1.4.4-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
python3-systemd.x86_64                                    235-1.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-talloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tempita.noarch                                    0.5.2-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                       1.1-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-tevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                    3.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-tldextract.noarch                                 3.4.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-toml.noarch                                       0.10.2-9.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tomli.noarch                                      2.0.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-tomli-w.noarch                                    1.0.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-toolz.noarch                                      0.11.2-6.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-tqdm.noarch                                       4.65.0-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unbound.x86_64                                    1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-unicorn.x86_64                                    1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-urllib3.noarch                                    1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                              1.26.15-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3-utils.noarch                                      3.1.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
python3-vapoursynth.x86_64                                58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
python3-vdf.noarch                                        3.4-9.fc37                           @fedora                                    
python3-websockets.x86_64                                 10.3-3.fc37                          @fedora                                    
python3-xapps-overrides.x86_64                            2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
python3-yubico.noarch                                     1.3.3-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
python3-zstandard.x86_64                                  0.19.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
python3-zstd.x86_64                                       1.4.5.1-8.fc37                       @fedora                                    
python3.10.x86_64                                         3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
python3.10-tkinter.x86_64                                 3.10.12-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qbittorrent.x86_64                                        1:4.5.3-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
qca-qt5.x86_64                                            2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                       2.3.4-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qemu-common.x86_64                                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                     2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                 2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static.x86_64                                   2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                           2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                        2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                              2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                             2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                               2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                            2:7.0.0-15.fc37                      @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                                 0.9.1-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                          10.6.3-5.fc37                        @updates                                   
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                      4.1.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
qt-settings.noarch                                        37.1-1.fc37                          @nobara-baseos                             
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                           5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                         5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                  5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     5.15.9-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdatavis3d.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                     5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtscxml.x86_64                                        5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                       5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                          5.15.9-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                                 5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                          5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                              5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                      5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                                    5.15.12-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                       5.212.0-0.75alpha4.fc37              @updates                                   
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                   5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                  5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                    5.15.9-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
qt5ct.x86_64                                              1.1-16.fc37                          @updates                                   
qt5pas.x86_64                                             2.6-2020601.fc37                     @updates                                   
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                         6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                     6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                   6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                                  6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                          6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools.x86_64                                        6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qttools-common.noarch                                 6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                      6.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
quota.x86_64                                              1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
quota-nls.noarch                                          1:4.06-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
raptor2.x86_64                                            2.0.15-34.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rasqal.x86_64                                             0.9.33-19.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rav1e-libs.i686                                           0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                         0.6.6-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                                      2.0.9-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
re2.x86_64                                                1:20220601-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
readline.i686                                             8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
readline.x86_64                                           8.2-2.fc37                           @updates                                   
realmd.x86_64                                             0.17.0-11.fc37                       @fedora                                    
realtek-firmware.noarch                                   20230625-151.fc37                    @updates                                   
redhat-menus.noarch                                       12.0.2-22.fc37                       @fedora                                    
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                                  229-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
redland.x86_64                                            1.0.17-30.fc37                       @fedora                                    
rest.x86_64                                               0.9.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rest0.7.x86_64                                            0.8.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rhythmbox.x86_64                                          3.4.6-3.fc37                         @updates                                   
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                                1.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rocm-cmake.x86_64                                         0.8.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-core.x86_64                                          5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-device-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime.x86_64                                   5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-hip-runtime-devel.x86_64                             5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-language-runtime.x86_64                              5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-llvm.x86_64                                          15.0.0.23045.50403-121.el9           @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-meta.x86_64                                          5.4.1-9.copr.fc37                    @nobara-baseos                             
rocm-ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl.x86_64                                        2.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocm-opencl-runtime.x86_64                                5.4.3.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rocminfo.x86_64                                           1.0.0.50403-121.el9                  @nobara-rocm-official                      
rootfiles.noarch                                          8.1-32.fc37                          @fedora                                    
rpkg-common.noarch                                        1.66-8.fc37                          @updates                                   
rpm.x86_64                                                4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build.x86_64                                          4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                     4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                           4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                 4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                         4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.1-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                             0.3.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmdevtools.noarch                                        9.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                      37-4.fc37                            @rpmfusion-free                            
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                             37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch                   37-3.fc37                            @rpmfusion-nonfree                         
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                          37-1                                 @nobara-appstream                          
rpmlint.noarch                                            2.4.0-6.fc37                         @updates                                   
rpmlint-fedora-license-data.noarch                        1.24-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
rsync.x86_64                                              3.2.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
rtkit.x86_64                                              0.11-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
rubberband.x86_64                                         3.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
ruby.x86_64                                               3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-default-gems.noarch                                  3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
ruby-libs.x86_64                                          3.1.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                                 3.1.1-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                    2.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                                 0.5.11-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubygem-json.x86_64                                       2.6.3-200.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                      4.0.4-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                       6.4.0-176.fc37                       @updates                                   
rubygems.noarch                                           3.3.26-176.fc37                      @updates                                   
rubypick.noarch                                           1.1.1-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                   24-2.fc37                            @updates                                   
sac.noarch                                                1.3-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
samba.x86_64                                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common.noarch                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                  2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-common-tools.x86_64                                 2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                       2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                             2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-libs.x86_64                                         2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-tools.x86_64                                        2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind.x86_64                                      2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                              2:4.17.8-0.fc37                      @updates                                   
sane-airscan.x86_64                                       0.99.27-5.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sane-backends.x86_64                                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                        1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                      1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                       1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                     1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.i686                                   1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
satyr.x86_64                                              0.42-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
schroedinger.x86_64                                       1.0.11-27.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sed.x86_64                                                4.8-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
selinux-policy.noarch                                     37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                            37.21-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
serd.i686                                                 0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
serd.x86_64                                               0.30.12-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
setup.noarch                                              2.14.1-14.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
setxkbmap.x86_64                                          1.3.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                     1.46-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sgml-common.noarch                                        0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sgpio.x86_64                                              1.2.0.10-31.fc37                     @fedora                                    
shadow-utils.x86_64                                       2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                 2:4.12.3-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                   2.2-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
shim-ia32.x86_64                                          15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
shim-x64.x86_64                                           15.6-3                               @nobara-baseos                             
signon.x86_64                                             8.60-11.fc37                         @fedora                                    
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                               0.24-5.fc37                          @fedora                                    
signon-ui.x86_64                                          0.15-18.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                                  1.100-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                    2.200-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                   3.003-10.fc37                        @fedora                                    
simple-scan.x86_64                                        42.5-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
slang.x86_64                                              2.3.3-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
slirp4netns.x86_64                                        1.2.0-8.fc37                         @updates                                   
snap-confine.x86_64                                       2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd.x86_64                                              2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snapd-selinux.noarch                                      2.57.6-7.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
snappy.x86_64                                             1.1.9-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sombok.x86_64                                             2.4.0-17.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sord.i686                                                 0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sord.x86_64                                               0.16.10-3.fc37                       @updates                                   
sos.noarch                                                4.4-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                            0.8-18.fc37                          @fedora                                    
soundtouch.i686                                           2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
soundtouch.x86_64                                         2.3.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
source-highlight.x86_64                                   3.1.9-15.fc37                        @updates                                   
soxr.i686                                                 0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
soxr.x86_64                                               0.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.i686                                               1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spdlog.x86_64                                             1.10.0-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                  0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                        0.11.4-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
speex.i686                                                1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speex.x86_64                                              1.2.0-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
speexdsp.x86_64                                           1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
spice-server.x86_64                                       0.15.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                      0.22.1-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                      3.0-3.fc37                           @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.i686                                     2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                   2022.2-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sqlite-libs.i686                                          3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                        3.40.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                     4.5.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
sratom.i686                                               0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
sratom.x86_64                                             0.6.10-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
srecord.x86_64                                            1.64-23.fc37                         @fedora                                    
srt-libs.i686                                             1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
srt-libs.x86_64                                           1.5.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sshpass.x86_64                                            1.09-4.fc37                          @fedora                                    
sssd.x86_64                                               2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ad.x86_64                                            2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-client.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common.x86_64                                        2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                    2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                           2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                   2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                         2.9.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
startup-notification.x86_64                               0.12-24.fc37                         @fedora                                    
steam.i686                                                1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steam-devices.i686                                        1.0.0.78-1.fc37                      @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
steghide.x86_64                                           0.5.1-45.fc37                        @fedora                                    
stix-fonts.noarch                                         2.13b171-2.fc37                      @fedora                                    
stoken-libs.x86_64                                        0.92-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
subversion.x86_64                                         1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
subversion-libs.x86_64                                    1.14.2-8.fc37                        @updates                                   
sudo.x86_64                                               1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                 1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                     @updates                                   
suitesparse.x86_64                                        5.10.1-3.fc37                        @fedora                                    
supergfxctl.x86_64                                        5.0.1-3                              @nobara-baseos                             
sushi.x86_64                                              43.0-2.fc37                          @updates                                   
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                       1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-4.fc37                         @rpmfusion-free                            
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                 2.6-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
symlinks.x86_64                                           1.7-7.fc37                           @fedora                                    
syslinux.x86_64                                           6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                         6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                  6.04-0.23.fc37                       @fedora                                    
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                              3.46.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
system-config-language.noarch                             3.5.0-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                         1.5.18-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd.x86_64                                            251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-container.x86_64                                  251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.i686                                         251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-libs.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                              251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-pam.x86_64                                        251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                   251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                                 251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemd-udev.x86_64                                       251.14-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
systemtap.x86_64                                          4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-client.x86_64                                   4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-devel.x86_64                                    4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                                  4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                                4.9-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
taglib.i686                                               1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
taglib.x86_64                                             1.12-7.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tar.x86_64                                                2:1.34-6.fc37                        @updates                                   
tbb.x86_64                                                2020.3-13.fc37                       @updates                                   
tcl.x86_64                                                1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.i686                                    7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                  7.6-101.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tcpdump.x86_64                                            14:4.99.4-2.fc37                     @updates                                   
tdb-tools.x86_64                                          1.4.7-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
teamd.x86_64                                              1.31-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
terminator.noarch                                         2.1.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tesseract.x86_64                                          5.2.0-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                             4.1.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
texlive-lib.x86_64                                        9:20210325-54.fc37                   @updates                                   
text-engine.x86_64                                        0.1.1-1.fc37                         @nobara-baseos                             
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                         0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                          0.7.3-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
thermald.x86_64                                           2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
tigervnc-license.noarch                                   1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                            1.13.1-3.fc37                        @updates                                   
time.x86_64                                               1.9-19.fc37                          @fedora                                    
tinyxml.x86_64                                            2.6.2-25.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tinyxml2.x86_64                                           7.0.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tk.x86_64                                                 1:8.6.12-3.fc37                      @fedora                                    
tmux.x86_64                                               3.3a-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
toolbox.x86_64                                            0.0.99.4-1.fc37                      @updates                                   
totem.x86_64                                              1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                    3.26.6-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                            1:43.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
touchegg.x86_64                                           2.0.16-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                         5.4-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                           3.2.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
traceroute.x86_64                                         3:2.1.2-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
tracker.x86_64                                            3.4.2-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tracker-miners.x86_64                                     3.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tree.x86_64                                               2.1.0-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
trousers-lib.x86_64                                       0.3.15-7.fc37                        @fedora                                    
tslib.x86_64                                              1.22-6.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                           3.0.9-66.fc37                        @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.i686                                         0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
twolame-libs.x86_64                                       0.4.0-1.fc37                         @fedora                                    
tzdata.noarch                                             2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
tzdata-java.noarch                                        2023c-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
uchardet.x86_64                                           0.0.6-16.fc37                        @fedora                                    
udisks2.x86_64                                            2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                      2.9.4-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                     1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unbound-libs.x86_64                                       1.17.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
unicode-ucd.noarch                                        15.0.0-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unicorn.x86_64                                            1.0.3-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
unixODBC.i686                                             2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unixODBC.x86_64                                           2.3.11-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
unrar.x86_64                                              6.2.8-1.fc37                         @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                 
unzip.x86_64                                              6.0-58.fc37                          @fedora                                    
upower.x86_64                                             0.99.20-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
uresourced.x86_64                                         0.5.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
uriparser.x86_64                                          0.9.7-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                           20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                          20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                   20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                            20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                    20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                              20200910-15.fc37                     @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                     2.6.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                                20191128-7.fc37                      @fedora                                    
usbmuxd.x86_64                                            1.1.1-8.fc37                         @fedora                                    
usbutils.x86_64                                           015-1.fc37                           @updates                                   
usd-libs.x86_64                                           22.05b-25.fc37                       @updates                                   
usermode.x86_64                                           1.114-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                      0.13.0-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
utf8proc.x86_64                                           2.7.0-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
util-linux.x86_64                                         2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
util-linux-core.x86_64                                    2.38.1-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
valgrind.x86_64                                           1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                     1:3.21.0-6.fc37                      @updates                                   
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                                    2.9.0-6.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                                   58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vapoursynth-tools.x86_64                                  58-3.fc37                            @fedora                                    
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                                 33.003-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
velocity.noarch                                           1.7-39.fc37                          @fedora                                    
vid.stab.i686                                             1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vid.stab.x86_64                                           1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37     @fedora                                    
vim-common.x86_64                                         2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-data.noarch                                           2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                       2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-filesystem.noarch                                     2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
vim-minimal.x86_64                                        2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                         7.0.8-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
vkBasalt.i686                                             0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vkBasalt.x86_64                                           0.3.2.8-2.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vlc.x86_64                                                1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vlc-core.x86_64                                           1:3.0.19-0.3.fc37.1                  @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
vmaf-models.noarch                                        2.3.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
vo-amrwbenc.i686                                          0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                        0.1.3-18.fc37                        @updates                                   
voikko-fi.noarch                                          2.5-2.fc37                           @fedora                                    
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                    0.3.12-17.fc37                       @fedora                                    
vpnc.x86_64                                               0.5.3-44.svn550.fc37                 @fedora                                    
vpnc-script.noarch                                        20220509-2.gite52f8e66.fc37          @fedora                                    
vte-profile.x86_64                                        0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vte291.x86_64                                             0.70.6-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
vulkan-loader.i686                                        1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                      1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                       1.3.240-1.fc37                       @nobara-baseos                             
w3m.x86_64                                                0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
w3m-img.x86_64                                            0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc37            @updates                                   
wavpack.i686                                              5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wavpack.x86_64                                            5.5.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                              5-18.fc37                            @fedora                                    
webapp-manager.noarch                                     master.mint21-1.fc37                 @nobara-baseos                             
webkit2gtk4.0.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                      2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                       2.40.3-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                 0.2.4-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                              0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                            0.3.1-9.fc37                         @fedora                                    
wget.x86_64                                               1.21.3-4.fc37                        @fedora                                    
which.x86_64                                              2.21-39.fc37                         @updates                                   
whois.x86_64                                              5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
whois-nls.noarch                                          5.5.17-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wine-staging-common.i686                                  1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos-multilib                    
wine-staging64.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winehq-staging.x86_64                                     1:8.11-2.1                           @nobara-baseos                             
winetricks.noarch                                         20230421-1.fc37                      @nobara-baseos                             
wireless-regdb.noarch                                     2022.06.06-2.fc37                    @fedora                                    
wireplumber.x86_64                                        0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
wireshark.x86_64                                          1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                      1:4.0.6-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
wlroots.x86_64                                            0.16.2-2.fc37                        @updates                                   
wmctrl.x86_64                                             1.07-33.fc37                         @fedora                                    
woff2.x86_64                                              1.0.2-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
words.noarch                                              3.0-40.fc37                          @fedora                                    
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                     1:2.10-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                     1.14.2-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
x264-libs.i686                                            0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x264-libs.x86_64                                          0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                            
x265-libs.i686                                            3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
x265-libs.x86_64                                          3.5-5.fc37                           @rpmfusion-free-updates                    
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.22-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xapps.x86_64                                              2.4.3-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xcb-util.x86_64                                           0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                                    0.1.3-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                     0.4.0-20.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                   0.4.0-18.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                                0.3.9-21.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                        0.4.1-23.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                     0.1.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                 1.15.0-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                           43.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                             1.14.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                      0.18-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                  0.11-1.fc37                          @updates                                   
xdg-utils.noarch                                          1.1.3-12.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                           1.3.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xerces-c.x86_64                                           3.2.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xfsprogs.x86_64                                           6.1.0-2.fc37                         @updates                                   
xhost.x86_64                                              1.0.8-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xisxwayland.x86_64                                        1-4.fc37                             @fedora                                    
xkbcomp.x86_64                                            1.4.5-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                   2.36-3.fc37                          @updates                                   
xml-common.noarch                                         0.6.3-59.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                           1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                    1.51.08-1.fc37                       @updates                                   
xmlsec1.x86_64                                            1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                        1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                    1.2.34-4.fc37                        @updates                                   
xmodmap.x86_64                                            1.0.11-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                                23.0.0-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                   19.1.0-8.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                 2.10.6-12.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                 0.5.0-11.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                 2.99.917-54.20210115.fc37            @updates                                   
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                              1.2.1-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                               1:1.0.17-4.fc37                      @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                            0.6.400-4.20210215git5dbad06.fc37    @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                   0.1.5-20.fc35                        @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                  2.5.0-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                                13.2.1-16.fc35                       @anaconda                                  
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                 1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                  1.1.0-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                    7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                               7.5-34.fc37                          @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                               2022.2-2.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                               1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                           22.1.9-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                             1.20.14-23.fc37                      @updates                                   
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                     1:1.1.2-2.fc37                       @fedora                                    
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                     1.4.0-15.fc37                        @fedora                                    
xprop.x86_64                                              1.2.5-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrandr.x86_64                                             1.5.1-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xrdb.x86_64                                               1.2.1-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xvidcore.i686                                             1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xvidcore.x86_64                                           1.3.7-9.fc37                         @updates                                   
xwininfo.x86_64                                           1.1.5-5.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xxd.x86_64                                                2:9.0.1671-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                        0.8.1-3.fc37                         @fedora                                    
xz.x86_64                                                 5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-devel.x86_64                                           5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.i686                                              5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
xz-libs.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
yajl.x86_64                                               2.1.0-19.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                           0.6.3-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
yarnpkg.noarch                                            1.22.19-5.fc37                       @updates                                   
yelp.x86_64                                               2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-libs.x86_64                                          2:42.2-1.fc37                        @fedora                                    
yelp-xsl.noarch                                           42.1-1.fc37                          @fedora                                    
ykpers.x86_64                                             1.20.0-10.fc37                       @fedora                                    
yt-dlp.noarch                                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                             2023.07.06-1.fc37                    @updates                                   
yum.noarch                                                4.14.0-3.fc37                        @nobara-baseos                             
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                        1.3.1-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                    1.5-11.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zenity.x86_64                                             3.44.1-1.fc37                        @updates                                   
zeromq.x86_64                                             4.3.4-4.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.i686                                                 3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zimg.x86_64                                               3.0.3-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zip.x86_64                                                3.0-33.fc37                          @fedora                                    
zlib.i686                                                 1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib.x86_64                                               1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zlib-devel.x86_64                                         1.2.12-5.fc37                        @fedora                                    
zoom.x86_64                                               5.14.10.3738-1                       @System                                    
zram-generator.x86_64                                     1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                            1.1.2-2.fc37                         @fedora                                    
zstd.x86_64                                               1.5.5-1.fc37                         @updates                                   
zvbi.i686                                                 0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zvbi.x86_64                                               0.2.35-19.fc37                       @updates                                   
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                          1.2.0-7.fc37                         @fedora                                    
---- FLATPAK Packages ----
Google Chrome (unstable)	com.google.ChromeDev	117.0.5927.0-1	stable	system
Spotify	com.spotify.Client	1.2.11.916.geb595a67	stable	system
Obsidian	md.obsidian.Obsidian	1.3.5	stable	system
Freedesktop Platform	org.freedesktop.Platform	21.08.19	21.08	system
Freedesktop Platform	org.freedesktop.Platform	22.08.14	22.08	system
Mesa	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.default	21.3.9	21.08	system
Mesa	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.default	23.1.4	22.08	system
Mesa (Extra)	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.default	23.1.4	22.08-extra	system
nvidia-525-60-11	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.nvidia-525-60-11		1.4	system
nvidia-525-85-05	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.nvidia-525-85-05		1.4	system
nvidia-535-54-03	org.freedesktop.Platform.GL.nvidia-535-54-03		1.4	system
Intel	org.freedesktop.Platform.VAAPI.Intel		21.08	system
Intel	org.freedesktop.Platform.VAAPI.Intel		22.08	system
ffmpeg-full	org.freedesktop.Platform.ffmpeg-full		21.08	system
ffmpeg-full	org.freedesktop.Platform.ffmpeg-full		22.08	system
openh264	org.freedesktop.Platform.openh264	2.1.0	2.0	system
openh264	org.freedesktop.Platform.openh264	2.1.0	2.2.0	system
Freedesktop SDK	org.freedesktop.Sdk	22.08.12.1	22.08	system
adw-gtk3-dark Gtk Theme	org.gtk.Gtk3theme.adw-gtk3-dark		3.22	system
Telegram Desktop	org.telegram.desktop	4.8.4	stable	system
Telegram Desktop Webview Add-on	org.telegram.desktop.webview	2.40.3	stable	system
---- SNAP Packages ----
